Title: June 9, 2025 75th
Author: Derek
Date: 2025-06-13 17:13:59

Derek you need to think about your values in life. You are no longer a child and that means you need to be ready to see the world and to own you part in it.  You have to look at yourself in the mirror and you need to be ready to handle yourself.  You can pretend that the world is your friend. You can pretend that you do not have any responsibilities but in truth you know that this is not true and you know that you are closing your eyes to the big picture.  The world is not fair and you do not have the right to to look away anymore. What you said to Babs needs to be looked at and examined.  You told her that you didn’t want to hear the opinions of your friend that you valued because you were ashamed of what they might think of you.  You then have to think about the people that you didn’t care about the opinion of and what that means. You are growing Derek but you are now getting to the point where you life is laid bared and you are going to have to look at yourself.

You spent a lot of your life making up a persona for people to interact with.You crafted this persona to the point that you are buried under it.  You are finally digging yourself out but you are going to have to deal with everything thing these personas did while you hid away from the world
You don’t know how to share or open up.  This is because you never really gave people the chance to help you.  You lied and hid and now that you want to share you are alone and its a world of your own making.  Just know that if you want you can go back. You can open the right doors and you can reconnect if you want but you have to be ready.
You don’t know yourself.  This one hurts because you didn’t take any time to reflect.  Again you made personas to get you through and now you are at a lost for what comes next.
You are in love but you have never had to do that and now you are scared and doing the best you can.  That is ok but you need to be honest and true.  You need to express yourself and your actions have to match your intent.
Always work on yourself.  This will be true until the day you die.  You do not get to hide anymore.
Love yourself. Its ok you don’t know who you are so you can’t love yourself yet.
