Title: The Broken Cage
Author: Derek Thompon
Date: 2025-06-15 18:01:17

The winds of fate are a true mystery that has to cause many a person to become swept up in its sudden and infinite power, and even for all the years that I have lived, I have never been able truly to control them. My people are often misunderstood, and this causes people to view us as cold and aloof when in reality we care entirely for all life. My people have study the arts and sciences have reached new heights of wonder that have given us access to advance that enrich our lives, and in truth, let us spend time on what we truly feel passion and ambition to achieve. I have spent my young life in the pursuit of how destiny works and how each small moments comes together to make the universe. My people have gone by many names through the ages but the one that most callus is the Elvin. I am of the family of Neth and I was Blessed with the name Norgala which means bringer of Fire and I am sure it had nothing to do with my more colorful nature. As a child this had led to more adventure then my family would care for me to live but I digress today was special because I would be turning 30 and for the Elvin, it was a major turning point in our lives because children would become adults but more important it allows us to start focusing on our professions.
I could hear my mother down stairs working in the study and I could hear the sound of her pen as it moved across the paper. I always liked knowing she was down there it made me feel proud that she never stop working for her dreams even if I barely understood what she was working on from what I could tell it had something to do with how the many planet in the system affected our world. I could not tell where my Father or sister were but that was no surprise they worked at the temple so often left before the sun rose. I went to the bathroom to finish waking up and to step into the shower to mentally wrap my mind around what was going to happen today. I wasn't scared so much that I could not figure out how to narrow down what I wanted with my life which bother me so much because I felt like a cheap romance novel heroine that my sister was forever reading. I got dress in my formal cloth I love the way the silk flowed around me or the new Cha~lis ring that was giving to me to show my coming of age. The ring allows us to connect with the network of bio interface that stored all of our information that had been collected. This meant that no matter where we were on the planet we could talk or add to the database this was one of the core secrets that has allow us to not only live as freely as we wanted but to protect us from some of the more aggressive race out there. I know that the Dwarves have something similar that worked with a crystal network but I have never had a chance to see it. As I finished getting ready and my way to the kitchen to make breakfast and some Ora which help me wake up each morning. While I was eating I heard the soft sounds of footsteps coming from the hall when I turned there was my mother looking cool and collected she was wearing a simple gossamer dress with a silver sash her silver hair was loose and flowing down her back and her eyes deep purple of so sunset nights and they were completely focused on me.
"So my little firestorm, how are you feeling this fine morning are you having a nice breakfast without me young one." She joked.
"You know today I am adult you can stop calling me young one mother" I mumble with food in my foot
My mother smiled, "Sorry Young One no matter how old you get I will call you this because I love you and I have earn the right to use this name so are you ready it's a important moment for you and I hope you are prepared."
I could feel my heart starting to race and the uncertainty of the future closing in on my but seeing my mother smiling at me made it feel just a little bit more secure with myself and allow me to tell her the truth.
"How could you have any dought of course I am ready I spent the last ten years study and perfecting my thesis so there no way a professor will turn me down." I replied " My only concern is that I not sure what field it should be under or how to really begin when I was studying it all made sense but the moment it's about to become really that my life will be under my control I not really sure how to begin isn't the most pointless feeling." I could feel the whine in my voice but for some reason with my mother in the room I could not stop myself and for once I didn't want to hold back my feeling I needed my mother to understand that I wasn't scared just concern that I might let myself down and worse still my family. While I was talking I somehow missed my mother coming across the room I thought she was going to embrace me but she knelt down and looked me in the eyes and didn't say anything at first she just looked at me and smiled. She leaned in close and whispered into my ears, "I want to know that you will fail in life, but the true test of being a adult is not that you don't fail but how you keep trying when everyone tell you that they have lost faith. As trite as that piece of advice is it also is solid and you should do your best to understand it because even after 500 years of life I still struggle to grasp it but I am sure you will be fine my young one." I felt tears on my face and I was a little ashamed that I was crying and that worse my mother had seen it but she just kissed my forehead stood up and left the room smiling.
After composing myself and getting my clothes back into order, I was ready to go to the Hall of Ancients which was just a clever way of saying the building we don't have money to change but feel should be keep around. As I walked outside I saw people starting there day some were working on their home others were enjoying the morning air but every now and then I would see someone with the hard focused looked or the tired and far away stare that marked them as new adults heading out to find their chosen path. I wondered if they also broke down at home or did they keep all of their emotions in check. Just when I was about to reach new heights of understanding and break open the door of inner peace I felt something cold and slimy slither down my back and all thoughts of composure flow from my mind. I started screaming and running around desperately trying to get whatever was one my back out of my cloths, by the time I felt it fall out I was standing in the street with my shirt over my head breathing hard and ready to faint and all I could hear was the musical and lusty laugh of my former friend Goras by the time I got my clothes back into order He was on the ground barely breathing. I could see other people on the street smiling or in the elder case shaking their heads at the silly young ones I thought privately if I could have a moment alone with him, I would show him how Elvin women in the Dark Caste discipline the males.
"I am going to assume that you have for a brief moment in time you lost what one might think is your feeble mind and so I won't kill you in front of all these civilized people mostly because I don't want to go to prison over a complete fool." I near screamed. Goras slowly climb to his feet, trying valiantly to remove the smile from his face and failing spectacularly. "I would like to throw myself before the queen of all and humbly beg your forgiveness my only defense is that to see that look on your face again I would gladly be put to death." Goras quipped. I was still fuming even though most times his charm worked on everyone including me today I was barely holding myself back from thrashing him within a inch of his life. " Fight the urge to smote young devil where he stood I spun around and headed towards the center of town behind me I could hear Goras running to catch up to me and I was still unsure if I would kill him by the time he caught up. " Gala I am sorry it was a childish trick and I ashamed of how I acted so to make up for it I can tell you that Professor Yhendorn is back from the Kingdom of Giruitia and I know he looking to finally take a student." When I spun around, the smile on his face and the dimple on his left cheek nearly caused me to strike but the news sent a bolt of fire straight to my core. I could barely move, and I think for a time I stop breathing I felt time constrict but with all things, time moved forward. When I could focus again Goras was looking me in the eyes and the look of concern on his face made forgive him although I promised myself if he ever did something like that again I would knock him out. "How did you come by this was it while you were playing with the Fire Twin?" I quipped. The fire twin were famous with most of the young male in the city they were studying the path of Shin, which is the study of earthly pleasure. However it was not just simply sex they help people to find true moments of happiness in a world that can sometime be bleak and cruel and they were as a pair genius with the art and significant portion of the male and not a small number of female sought out their company. Also while people were with them, they tending to let slip secrets that were sometimes best left private. In my musing I almost missed Goras reply, "I will have you know that I have never needed the services of Keya or Almedha I came by this information in a more traditional method and one the most people even respect" I could not help myself my smile came out and with a laugh on my lips I asked "So how did you come by this most holy of holy bit of Intel that has capture the mind of all listening and has granted you a stay of execution ." "Simple really I was helping out with setup for the college and I overheard him talking about how it was time for him to pick a new student although to be honest he was not over joyed at the prospect. " I tried to think what would make Yhendorn need a new student and how I could be the one chosen. I was just that each Elvin worked in their chosen field but it matter who your teacher was. I was sure that every race had their own form of higher learner and trying to break into ours was just as much a pain. I started walking over to the school by habit I would feel Goras following me but already he was waving at people as we walk Goras when he wasn't being a child was a great friend but focus was never one of his strong point I figured that when it came time to choose his path it would be some form of entertainer or at the very least he might decide to become a adventurer seeing the world and making coin and fun along the way. However thinking about adventuring cause me to remember something I turned and grab Goras wrap my arm around him and a crushing hug I felt the air rushed out of him in surprise "I figure out what I need to do I need to plan and work on this I should be ready by the end of the week to make my case to be Yhendorn student and I could not have done it without you" I back up and started running for my house leaving a confused but happy Goras in my wake.
I ran back to my house heedless of the people staring or the way my mother watch me go to my room with a happy but question looking on her face. I closed the door and broke out all the books I had on Professor Yhendorn and starting putting together my thesis. I felt my mind becoming clear and focused, but more than anything else, I needed this I had never really talked about my goals with people, but I needed to know what the world outside was like. Elvin had become increasing insular over the years only talking with dwarves and Dragon and even then that was done rarely while our people were still making great leaps in science we were also becoming disconnected and for change to happen too happen we need to look at the younger races more study them and find out why they were still burning with uncontainable fire that make wondrous events. When I had finally felt the river of idea dry up and the muse of inspiration had finally left me, I looked at pages of work I had done. I felt wrung out and used my mind could barely put two words together, but I had a working thesis that I could turn in and I was ready to present myself for review. All my fears had been crushed in each line on the papers and my dought had been sweeped away all I had left was the undeniable certainty that I was going to be the next student of professor Yhendorn . I got up and started to go down stairs and get something to eat I had no idea how much time had passed, but my body felt that it was a good time to inform me that I had unfairly used it and it wanted recompancaion. As I made my way to the bathroom to freshen I heard my mother and father talking, "I'm not sure were going to do for the last three days he stayed locked up in a room and hasn't come out she's letting the choosing get to her were going to have to do something about this" whispered my father. I can hear my father pacing I hadn't realized that I had been in my room for the last three days inspiration it struck and I needed to write it down I leaned back against the wall I didn't want to worry my parents but I had dreams and hopes and they were so close. I knew my mother was just letting my father talk he needed to get out his fears so that he could sleep at night he wanted what was best for me, but he did know how to express it. Like many of my people, my father believed that everything should happen at its own pace he believed each day brought its own wonder and that we shouldn't rush through life without taking a moment to truly respect the miracle of life. My father worked for the Temple however unlike the humans and many of the races are Temple was when one of science we believed through understanding the fundamental makeup of the universe it would bring us one step closer to the heavens are people understood that there were such things as higher beings we just didn't hold them in awe. Each and every being had a purpose and a place how you found that place was the great journey of life at the Temple the priest help you understand my father believed in this to the court is being when I was younger I used to watch him teach how his eyes lit up and inspired me down this course I wanted to make him proud hearing worrying in his voice cause me pain but I was too far along to stop now. "My love we have raised a daughter well we have given her everything that we can his parents it is now time for her to grow to stand and to move forward if we hold back now we will cripple her I have watched too many parents smother their children with love and cause them not to be able to live in the world that they had made for them we will not be those parents she may fall she may fly but no matter what we will be there for your strong back in my gentle arms lover and she knows this now it is our time to prove it" whispered my mother. I felt tears trickled down my face at the support of my parents I marveled at my mother strengths in my father's caring heart while they held each other whispering encouragements comforting each other's fears I promised that I would make them proud even if I failed even if I fell I would stand up and keep walking and be the child the adult that they had faith in me for. With all thoughts of freshening up forgotten quietly went back to my room, climbed into bed and went to sleep.
The new day but the smell of breakfast in the last of my parents knew that night that held together and now they were putting on a face to let me know that they supported me and my father blooming other jokey her to Temple I heard the joke before and so that my mother but she always pretended like it was the first time she heard. I came down the steps and had a cup of kava in a buttered roll sitting in my chair and listen to my father told joke for the hundredth time and like my mother laughing like it was the first. When my father finished he came over and planted a big kiss on my forehead and wrapped me up in a massive bear hug many of the races thought we were delicate or that we can show affection behind our cool exterior however in our own homes and with those we loved we can be as affectionate as any of the races my mother came up behind us and gave us one massive group hug my father smiled and looked me in the eye and said, "you will do well not because you are daughter not because your Elvin, you will do well because you want this more than anything else in destiny calls to those whose fire burns as much as yours your mother and I believe in you and know that you will do yourself proud." I disengaged from the hug, smiled at both of them and went upstairs to get ready for the greatest day of my life.
