Title: The Broken Cage
Author: Derek Thompson
Date: 2025-06-15 18:02:43

The Court
The sound of his breath filled the confined space of his cell as the small cloud that was released from his mouth slowly broke up in the air. He could feel the blood rushing through him and the pain in his hands where the light bracers scorched and dug into the flesh around his wrist. His muscles burned and quaked from being pinned into the Lotus of Repentance poise, as his body was wracked with pain his only complaint was that he was tired of waiting for his sentencing. He never understood those that regretted their actions or started begging for mercy he failed and for that he lost everything that matter to him and he had to watch as all he had worth in the world was smashed and render pointless but even now he regretted nothing. The pride that had consumed him was the knowledge that he was and had been the leader of the greatest empire, not only had it spread across the world it had reached into the planes of existence. The very air moved to his command and gave breath to all he could see. The fires that burned in the sun brought warmth at his smallest gesture. The water flow with each movement of his hands and the earth made life just to please him and with all that at his command how could he feel the slightest amount of regret. He felt the smile spread across his face and knew that if someone saw him they would cower and soil themselves which caused him to chuckle more.
As the sun began to set the air in the cell went from cold to freezing and biting and if he was not the master of all he could perceive he might have been in some trouble. While he was waiting for sunrise again he heard the unmistakable sound of metal footsteps outside coming closer to his cell. He could feel the presence of the young ones coming toward him and he prepared his will. The members of his race were wild and trying to predict what they would do was a pointless exercise. However, in the last few years, something has changed and the younger children had become more stable almost a completely different people. It was that change that would lead to the army's downfall with no way to predict what the enemy would do it became near impossible to counterattack. When the two guard came to the door for the first time concern whip through his mind the creatures that came before him was short with only two arms and two legs. One head sat atop of each and both seem to need air like the lesser creatures down below. However what concern him was the energy that was inside them all life was filled with the energy of creation from the stars to the very filth he was sitting in however these two filled too much and it was bursting out of them. They had a visible aura that was painful to see. He raised his head and composed himself while he was forced to kneel he would in no way think of himself as less than their Emperor and he would act accordingly. The two of them never spoke just grab him and started carrying him down the tunnel towards his judgment. The was staggering bright and he had to remake his eyes so he would not be blinded however the in the process the shackles made him pay for his drawing of power and pain ripped through his form. As he raised his head to those assembled to judge him he looked to the man in the center. He had known from the beginning that this would come he had seen this fate and tried to take steps but in the end, nothing could stop destiny. "So young one you get your wish I have been brought low your schemes to shatter my empire has come to fruition I am both enraged and proud." "Silence this is the last time you will speak and no one will ever be subjugated by will again." As the figure in the middle rose for the first time I began to feel a trickle of what some of the lesser creatures call fear because in his hands was the Tonlee Stone. The stone was one of the few piece left over from the war of creation when darkness was pushed back and was one of the great powers from ages gone by however it was unstable and hard to control. It was always creating and it power had to be spent correctly or it could turn everything around it into a wellspring of chaos "Where in the heavens did you find that it has no place here on this plane of existence you utter and complete fools don't you understand what that means." screamed the form, The form sent out a physic pulse that slammed into the foundation of the cavern but in an instant it was encased in raw diamond. As it watched the figure in the middle of the assembled gods and ancient powers come into the center of the room and finally got to see him in all his smug glory. He looked like all the members of his race tall with long white hair that cascaded down his back. He wore an elemental wrap that contained the clouds and stars in each line of yarn. His eyes contain the force of lighting and the harder he stared the more they shot out sparks. His form was pure strength and for the first time since this whole war began he looked every inch the God he claimed to be and the saddest part looking at this creature that formed from his essence by pure force of will was that he was completely mad. As he raised the Tonlee Stone above his head he knew it would bring about the destruction of everything. Time and space were tearing apart as the leader was finishing the key of sending and my worst fears were correct "Father I send you to the pit of oblivion where you will wait for all time until the stars go out and all life comes crashing to an end. When the last sound fades and light no longer shine only then will your suffering be allowed to come to an end." As power came pouring forth from Tonlee Stone the form sent out on last bit of power striking the stone and sending it hurling beyond the reach of everyone. The erupted into panic and all the being began acting at once but the sending spell as already been cast and now the gate was open and black viscus tendril were racing toward the encased formed. The last visible thing before everything became darkness was the form screaming out the name of the fallen Emperor."CRONUS" Zeus screamed.
As Cronus tumble through the gate, he felt the smother cold of annihilation seep into his very being and fought to hold onto the core that was his being. He fell through the ages as time and space flashed by and he lost track for how long he fell into the darkness when he hit the bottom he knew his suffering was about to begin. When you are at the bottom of the pit there is no form no sound no creation, all you have is your force of will to keep yourself together and the moment you doubt your soul is sucked into the void to be ripped apart by movement of the star all in all a horrible way to end. As he was trying to figure out how to escape from nonexisting something began to take shape he had to remake his form so that it could adapt to the environment but the moment he did it he knew he had made a truly epic mistake. when he finally got a look at the shape it had no mouth it was a hole in everything and focusing on it was tearing his mind apart but even though it had not month he heard its thoughts as it bored into my mine. "Ah, it's been long since something has survived the fall to the lower reaches. I look forward to our time together."It's voiced oozed, As the thing laugh it succeeded in doing what no being has ever done before it made him fear. As the wall closed in around him as the pain started to raise up from his heart a scream tear out of him.

School

Buzz, Buzz, Buzz the last sounds the alarm ever made before a small fist came slamming down ending its incessant whining. It was a Monday which meant starting to get ready for school and even more terrifying it was the first day of class so having to go through the ritual of pretending that she enjoyed meeting new people again. As she pulled herself out of bed and made her way down to the bathroom to begin the morning routine of getting ready she smiled to herself in the mirror. She was a striking girl with dirty blond hair that came down to the middle of her back straight and glossy. Her eyes were round but always had a droopy looking and people always thought she was kind of mad or as her mother like to call it resting bitch face syndrome. However if you could get her to really focus her blue eyes would pin you. She had milky skin that came from both of her parents who grew up in the farmbelt and being milk feed. She was athletic and strong for a 13 year old mostly because she believe that the body should be a developed as much as the mind which she was proud of most. She saw the world by the sciences, chemistry is how she saw cooking and physics was how she put the world together and she excelled at what she did. However even though she love the analytical what truly made her heart soar was the occult she love breaking it down and trying to find how it all fit and why old legends held together. As she step into the shower she was already planning her siege of the new school library. She was so lost in thought that she missed the pounding as her mother told her to get out of the bathroom because her sister needed to get ready for work. She turned off the shower and dried off and headed for her room to get dress. She loved earth tone clothing and the feel of quality cloth against her skin while she loved the occult she never went in for the who homegrown artist feel she like being pretty and she dressed accordingly style was just as important as being intelligent.
Breakfast like most families in the suburbs was a solo affair since almost of her family had to be up at different time her father who worked for a pharmaceutical company had to be out of the house by 5 and her mother was a mechanic and her day was random. Her elder sister was just starting out at college and commuted from home and because she was alone most morning she had learned how to take care of herself. She not only enjoy cooking but everything about a independent lifestyle or as much of one as could be given to a 13 year girl. She had just finished making an omelet when she heard someone banging around upstairs and started smiling and being the loving daughter she started making a pot of coffee for her mother. She was always glad that they never gave into the craze of instant coffee and they still had a old percolator while she did not enjoy drinking it she love the sounds that came out of the steel machine as it made the life changing substance. As the smell fill the kitchen she heard her mother yell out "Thank all the Gods above and below I will be down in a few." She found herself until her mother called out her name, "Ryan make sure you have everything you need for class I am taking you to school today and don't forget to empty the dishwasher." Ryan hated her first name mostly because it sound so much like a boy name and also she hated the way it rolled when was yelled from her parents when they wanted something. It just grated on the nerves she preferred her middle name and made sure that all friend only knew her by that name Lillian it always made her feel special when she was called by it and she blessed her Grandmother Tonya for the foresight in giving it to her.
She heard her mother coming down the stair and was stuck again with the contradiction that made up her mother she was short even for a women and barely reach 4'7 she only a little taller than her and Lillian figured after her growth spurt she quickly out shoot her mother. However her mother was not child like or weak she was ripped from head to toe in many ways she looked like a cartoon version of a barbarian that you would see on romance novels. She keep her hair long like her daughters but rarely did anything to it so it just became a hot mess most times and today was no exception. She also covered herself in loud girly color and even had on a tidied shirt with My Little Pony on it giving her an almost child like look. However just when you thought she was a walking explosion of cute the look in her eyes quickly change that hood and brooding she always looked like she was a step away from snapping and going on a rampage. However when you looked closely into her blue eyes they always had a twinkle and she was quick with a joke that could leave a room bellowing with laughter. All in all her mother loved life except in the morning when she believe that the only good place for the vile daystar was behind some will place and loyal clouds. She went over and began pouring herself a cup of coffee as she pull out a Pinky Pie mug which was her favorite and woe anyone who tried drinking from it she look over at me and smiled. "I am not sure why I try to mother you since you always are 10 step ahead of me." She joked. "While that may be true mother I enjoy your efforts on my behalf and would not want you to stop it keeps me centered and besides you already have to keep dad and Emily in line I just feel it would be best if I didn't give you more work." My mother made her way to the table and place her hand on my head. "Thank you it's nice to know someone in this house can take care of themselves without me and besides if you stop who would make the coffee." She laugh. I love my mother laugh it was loud and cutting and if you were not ready for it it would really hurt your ears but it always made me happy to hear it somehow I felt her laugh keep away the demon of life or at the very least deafen them. We sat in silence while she drank and I finish my breakfast and made plan for the new school 6th grade was a game changer in the world of children you were finally stepping into the realm of adulthood and I meant to seize it in my iron grip or at the very least make sure I didn't become a social outcast. While I was making a schedule I could hear my mother putting her dishes into the sink and start rinsing out the her dishes she was humming a rambling country song about traveling the trail and she found herself harmonizing with her mother. She didn't have a great voice but it was a rich and husky she loved to sing even though she missed notes and her voice would crack when she sang to high. She was having such a good time that she missed when her mother stop singing and was laugh by the sink she felt her face heat up and she stuck her tongue but found herself smiling in return.
"Honey I love your voice but someday we are going to have to teach you the basic of holding a tune." Her mother chuckled. "I will admit that I have some problems with the higher notes but I am descents for the most part" I primely turned and made my way to the front door closet and put on my shoes and prepared to head out my mother follow shortly after we heading out. The family car was a 96 chevrolet extended cab it was faded and scratched dusty tan with dents on the back bumpers. However the inside was always a surprise the truck was her mother's baby and she liked to work on it and trying out didn't mods to see how they will work because of this she was well informed about new techniques. The inside was bright purple and the floor had thick rubber floors it was a manual but she had change out the drive shaft it used to be a 5 gear but she had done extensive work and made it a 6 speed. She had light that ran around the inside cab the faster she went the more the light speed up and when she broke 88 they would change colors. I asked her about it once and she told me it was based on a movie she loved. However the best and most exciting feature was the sound system it was a 6 point speaker setup with a sub woofer under the front seat the control panel was a sleek black touch screen that not only control the setup but if she wanted to could change the engine specks making it more efficient she love the system but it was buggy and every so often would shut the car down causing her mother to fly into what she like to call chibi rage.
The drive was pleasant today and fall was around the corner but the leaves hadn't started showing. It was warm and she had the window down with her head on the glass watching and losing herself in thought as she hummed along to the radio and her mother quietly sang with Miss Turner about her private dancing lesson. She was excited and nervous about the new school but she was also looking forward to the new challenges "Honey after school I am going to need you to come home right away your father will be home early he want everyone there." I pulled my head off the glass and looked at my mom she was looking out the front window and doing a poor job of not looking at me. "Is everything alright I can skip class it's just the first day they are only going to be showing us around. I can be home if something wrong." I could feel the a little panicky until I so the smile on my mom face and it cause me to relaxs. "It fine honey your father most likely wants to talk about something for work or some other family project he feel we have not been spending enough time at home and he just wants to talk about it don't get upset." I breath a sign of release but then felt the the equally and no less important weight of boredom come crashing down onto my shoulders. I hated family meetings I love being with my family but dad was treble at setting them up each time we wound up doing something crazy or silly just so we could all be together. I could still remember the trip to House of Wax that talked about different legends but how ever had done it had gotten everything all wrong and most of the myths were mixup. My sister had gotten sick and mom and dad argue all the way home the only thing that had made it better was when we got home dad had put on netflixs and we watch old movies until we all fell asleep. "I will be ready but if we go back to the wax place I will not be happy and I might incite a house revolt." I quipped. My mom smile and scream out "Viva La Revolution." We laughed and talked in fake french accents the rest of the way to school.
The new school building was amazing it was a refurbished mansion that was set on a large hill giving a fantastic panoramic view of the surrounding country. It had four tower section that went up 5 floors each and the towers were connected by stone corridor sections that had windows evenly spaced between them. In the center was a beautiful park with picnic tables and a large field where the different sport teams practiced and friends could gather. However the greatest treasure was on the top floor of the west tower the Tymes library it was a treasure and had been build up over the last 200 years. The school was not only proud of its education programs but the hard work it has done to fill the shelves there few places in the state that had better and I plan to delve into each book and I had 6 years to get it done. We drove up to the school the path had apple trees on each side of the driveway at the end we went around a turn about with an enormous statue of a student reading a book at a colonial school desk. I heard my mother singing some song and had a wistful express across her face. I looked over and she smile at me "You are going to enjoy going here some of my best memory are from this school." "Did you meet dad here ?" I asked "Oh no honey your father went to a private school for boys I didn't meet him until after I finish going to Shipley Trade school."
She parked the car and we walked into the school and made our way to the registrar office it was a well appointed room filled with pictures of former students of the school at the desk sat a young man with bleach blond hair and piercing green eyes. He was in a tweed suit and had a small pot belly and laugh lines around his eyes and when he saw my mother they lit up and dimple formed on his cheeks. On his desk was a plaque with silver letters spelling out his name was Bielobog. "Emily you finally come to visit me at work I am overjoyed to see you." My mother smiled and went to give him a hug I could tell they were old friends but when he stood up I was taken back by how tall he was. He stood over 7 feet and was wrapping my mom up like she was a toy doll but at the same time holding as gently as a child. My mom step out of the hug and came over to me and grab me by the shoulder. "Bielobog this is my daughter and I want you to look after her if you could I know you will do right by her." Bielobog smiled, "Of course of course I would be honored I will do my best for her please the student orientation is about to start why don't you let her go and I will catch up with you" My mother smiled and gave me a hug and pushed me towards the door. "Go ahead honey I will see you after the orientation and remember to be on you best behaviour." As I walked out heard my mother laughing at a joke and wondered what they old friends could be talking about but I had my own friend to find.
I could hear all the new 6th grader chatting and making jokes and I started looking around for my friend Gaby her voice was distinct and it only took a few moments to hear it. Gaby was all angles and she was tall at 13 she was almost 5'7 and still growing she had striking blond hair and she kept it in a pixie cut and dewy brown eyes. However she was a shy girl and only when she laugh could you get a sense of her personality it was laugh that started deep in her belly and could feel a room. It was a mission of all the girls to get her to break out laughing at lease once a day however this time she was surrounded by boy who were peacocking to get her attention. "Gaby" I screamed, and ran into her arms giving her a massive bear hug however when I closed my arms around her I felt something new pressing against me. "Gaby you cheeky little devil you have tits and they are massive!" I felt Gaby stiffen in my arms and i saw her face started glowing red and she started stammering. "Gaby I am so jealous how could you beat me to the punch you know I have been trying all summer to get mine to come in." Gaby held me at arms lengths and smiled at me "don't worry Ryan someday yours will dream will come true and you will get your wish to be a real girl the blue fairy told me so." She raised her right eyebrow in a elegant arch and we both bursted out laughing and the poor boys were so confused. I turned and smiled at them and quickly pulling Gaby next to me. "I sorry boys I kidnapping my friend I hope you down mind." I gave them my best minx smile and watched as they fell over themselves to agree. As we started walking away Gaby gave me the most grateful expression and hug me all over again. " Thanks I was not sure how I was going to get out of there they just keep telling me jokes and asking me questions I felt like a gazelle cornered by a pack of hyena." "If it ever happens again just do what my mom does just fart scares away every time." I laughed. I saw Gaby start to blush and we made our way over to the auditorium with all the other new students.
The auditorium was massive in size and when needed thousands of people could fit inside the room and not filled cramped. She could not tell what the walls were made up but she new they were wood and not fake and the smell was intoxicating and she found herself breathing deeply to experience it more. The sitting was just like being at church and they had pews that formed a giant w in shape with a break at the top so that people could reach the stage. A Green embroidered carpet with royal blue trim and the school seal in crimson in the center ran the length of the room leading people from the front doors to the stage. When she look up her breath was taken from her as the cathedral ceiling and chandeliers light up the room but the ceiling itself brought tears to her eyes the roof was covered in a mural. It was a scene of the great battle of the gods and titans of different myths and where she looked she was giving a new battle to envision. At the center was the killing strike by Jupiter when he killed his father and former ruler of all creation Cronus. The signature weapon of Jupiter was slamming into the chest of his father and the explosion was made to look like a transitioning from destruction to a awe inspiring sunrise.
She was so caught up in the art work she almost missed the entrance of the school staff and she was just as impressed. They were all immaculately dressed and were staggered female than male as they filed into the room all of them were in white dress and white suits and the men all had yellow ties giving the impression of a heavenly clouds. I could hear the general background noise fall away as we waited in bated breath as the ceremony began and just as they staff all sat and I could tell they were seated in order of seniority a new women enter the room and for the first time I knew what the aura of command looked like. She walked in her shoes making a sharp and piercing staccato as her heels struck the floor. She walked up to the podium and looked into the crowd of student and I knew for the first time what it meant when destiny seized hold of my life and I felt a shiver up my spine and I smiled I could not wait to meet this lady. Her voice was deep and strong so unlike what you expect from a women but at the same time there was no way it could be any other way she didn't look like a model but her beauty was undeniable ever part of her scream women. She looked like an ancient queen and her crown of golden hair and dusty brown skin shone under the lights. However her eyes were the most hypnotic part they we sloped up and the green in them was deep and penetrating when she sweep the room I could feel her stare lock onto me and my face started burning and blushing.
"Students welcome to Horus P. Tymes middle school my name is Chara Nikoleta the principle and today we begin shaping you for an enriching life. We strive to make your education rewarding and fulfilling but above all else we make sure that each of you will reach your greatest potential and this school has always succeeded. Today each of you will be assigned to an agent whose job it will be to build a class load that will take full advantage of your intelligence and physical growth and emotional growth I look forward to your results and designing your learning programs welcome to our school" After her speech she turned and left the stage just as regally as she enter and at that moment I realized would bend heaven and earth to make her notice me. I looked over at Gaby to see her response and I saw her looking at her phone checking a web comic. "Gaby what are you doing the principle was giving her speech why aren't you paying attention." I whispered, Gaby looked up from her phone and I could tell she had not been paying attention. When I looked around I saw that most people were talking amongst I could not believe that people were not moved by this speech I understood that it was short almost brushed but it felt like she was talking to me directly. Gaby smiled "Sorry it just that it was so over the top it was like she was trying to form an army or something else beside it just a school opening beside what I want to do is check out the gym I hear they have a gymnastic training room." I knew what she was talking about because I wanted to check out the library to but for some reason I wanted to meet her.
The school was a masterful work of architecture but the basement was the true heart of soul of the school and down here sat a immaculately dressed middle age teacher. She had her hair done up in tight bun and and the white dress from the opening ceremony somehow was functional and elegant. she was sitting at a table with a wireless tablet and she had tea in her right hand and the smell was filling the area with sunflowers and mint and like any teacher that had to take care of a school full of sociopath the smell of scotch. She hated that the small splash was needed but she blamed most of it on her heritage and her lushes of a uncle that show her how to drink as a true scotsman. She was just finishing the story of Edmond Dantes and how he was getting his revenges when she heard the door open from upstairs. she could hear them talking and her friend Amanda was complaining. "If I have one more 13 year old boy stare at my chest I promise you I will be turning them into knewts" Amanda fumed. "Iseult stop drinking that disgusting tea I can smell it from here and I can even smell the scotch fumes you know how Chara feel about us drinking before gatherings." Amanda grumbled. Iseult took on last drink and killed her she loved Amanda but she was such a suckup when it came to Chara. As the rest of the women came down the stair she was shocked by how different each of the women who formed looked. Amanda was curvy and emitted sex and lust no matter how well she primped and dress she always came off as someone who just had a quicky in a closet and her thick brown hair that framed her face and her eyes that smoldered didn't help matters. Every years the males at the school fall in lust with her and someone always tried to make a move on her even when she came off as a complete bitch. Next to her on the steps was Nanna she was perky little women she skipped down the steps and her smile kept the darkness away. Unlike Amanda she was thin and barely had any female curve but her eyes somehow covey loved and understanding Iseult always thought she was kind of creepy. As the two girl conversed between themselves behind them came Mawu and she was as different as could be. She was one of the few Tutsi who made it out of Rwandan and she was scared my the experience. Her skin was like obsidian glass and it glowed with a inner light that caused people to be drawn to her. She didn't smile much but if you could catch her in those few rare moments when she did smile it was like the sun coming out from behind the clouds. She was huge reaching almost 7ft tall and only Chara was taller than her. Her eyes were pitch black and looking into them was like falling into the night sky but what she was most respected was her staggering intellect she had multiple degrees and 2 phds Chemistry and Physics.
As the women met at the bottom of the stairs they hug and started exchanging story about the opening ceremony this went on for about 15 minutes when they heard the sound of heels striking on the stone floor. Chara was always composed and the aura command never left her shoulders she never really smiled. As she came down the steps the room began to glow with tracers of powers that formed runes that shifted and raced to the center in the room to form a great circle. The five women step up to the illuminated circle and the power swept around them and through them and soon the power started making them feel giddy but still they remain still. Chara began singing her voice was rich and powerful each note was keyed to the ancient Greek words of power. The song was a prayer to the spirits and protection for those gather and as the prayer reached it apex the room was crackling with energy as the final note was struck the runes and circle were keyed.
As the finally note diminished into the ether so to did the illusion that each of the women had wrapped around them. They were a old circle and at one time they were each heros and figures of power but each of them also had the force of divinity they each came from different pantheons but today they were united in one goal finding the Tonlee stone. Amanda was the first to speak and already she was annoyed "I scanned the room not a single child had the sigure we are looking for and for the most part few could rise to the rank of Quester let alone holder of Tonlee." Amanda had been the goddess of love to the Greeks and Roman and her voice was rich with notes of promise and lust if any mortal had been in the room they would have died their hearts bursting in their chests in effort to touch and please her. Iseult transformed from a delicate and wise matron and became her figure from legend. The Irish still told her story but she did not look the part she was a warrior and it showed in every inch of her body she was keyed and ready each muscle was Sculpted and defined she danced on the balls of her feet and today she spoke with authority and eagerness. "Sister you still look at the body and always forget to read the soul and instinct of the children. I have found three that could be a match for our need let alone what we might be looking for today is a good day for hunting." Mawu was less than pleased she had only been with this group since the freeing for her people and she was not as vested in the overlining plan if it wasn't for the debt she owed Amanda and Nanna she would most likely have life after the great emancipator had free them from bondage. She was just about to speak up when Chara cut her off. " Sisters let us not get too excited we have waited too long and suffered to much to make mistakes now. Nanna you've always been the best of us when dealing with children so work with Iseult and find the one of which she speak and confirm her findings I shall contact the council and let them know what are finding are we have all made overwhelming sacrifices but finally we are steps closer.
The echo was starting to get to Ryan as she walked down the hall with her group of students and the teacher that was assigned to them. It was the sound of the breathing and the quiet murmuring of it felt like spikes in her head and if she didn't break free of them she would lose it on them and it didn't help that Gaby was in another group. "These painting are of each of the headmasters of our school while we are a public school we try to stand above the rest of the school in the area…" Mrs Kine Droned, Ryan finally reached her limit she new that she was suppose to tell someone before she walked off but with her mother being busing and this tour driver her insane her only recourse was to break free and that was what she plan to tell her mom if she was caught. She waited until the group went around the corner to make her move and double back to the stair and headed up to the top floor hoping to find the library. She counted the steps and observe that each one was made from some kind of marble with the frame being made of some kind of black wood and the wood and a fragrant smell subtle but it filled the halls. As she looked out the windows she was taken back by the view and she could not wait to see it from the top floor.
When she came out of the stairwell she was did not expect what she saw and took a moment to take stock of the room. She was looking for the door to the library but all she saw was a large polished bronze door. The door was a masterpiece of art that depicted some form of trial or judgment over someone she did not recognize the scene at all. She saw no handle or lock and she was not sure how the it would open and even more confusing was the fact that she was so sure that it was a door. She was just getting ready to reach out and touch it when she heard someone clear her throat. "Young lady I am sure that being on this floor is not where you should be." Ryan was heart rose up into her mouth and she spun around and her breath caught she was looking at the perfect picture of a nubian princess. Her hair was thick and braided and was pulled together in a mane down her back and each braid had intricate beads forming some kind of picture. She was tall and her skin was so dark it looked like the light of the room was falling into her and the white dress from orientation. However what cause her to take a step back was her eyes they were gold and looked like felines they had vertical slits instead of round. They also seem to be glowing she was just getting ready to run when the women took a step forward. Ryan felt like prey and she kept backing up she felt the cold touch of the door behind her and she froze she was just about to say something when the teacher moved. It was like something from a horror movie the teacher just blurred she closed the distance between them Ryan tried to scream but before she could get anything out she was enclosed in dark shroud and that was the last thing she remembered.
Mawu scream and her voice shook the stone and window she was just getting ready to tear the door down when she felt someone grab her arm. She looked around and Nanna had her arm she was shocked at the strength that was holding her back. "Mawu honey I don't think breaking down the door to the Outer Realms is the right way to start the new school year." Nanna quipped, Mawu turned and looked down at the small women and growled "A young student was just pulled through the door I was trying to save the young fool life. I am not even sure how she even made it up the stairs and we must get her before she is lost to the waste between the worlds." Nanna released her arm and her eyes turned a crystal blue as she searched the room a faint glow hit the walls and she started looking around after a few moments she turned to Mawu "We have a problem someone summoned this young women her and i don't think it will be to our liking I believe we should let the rest know and also we must get her back before her mother finds out." Nanna was making her way back down the stair living Mawu standing by the door Mawa moved and scream down "Why?" Nanna turned and looked up at her with her eyes slowly returning to their normal state and said. "She is the best mechanic in town and she is working on my car I would like to have it back on time." Nanna continued down the steps leaving the mistress of the hunt sputtering on the landing it was days like this that she loved being alive.
The Pit
Time had lost all meaning and all that was left was the unending pain that had become his existence his body had long since turned to dust but his thoughts and core still remained. He would have gone made if not for his tormentor who keep him on the cusp of sanity and was his only point of true reference. The abyss was eating him and breaking him down and it would not be much longer before he lost the battle all Cronus wanted was just one chance to take down this creature to make it feel something. When Cronus felt his presence he pulled his awareness into his core for protection and used Dynami the source of power that flowed through all life even here at the deepest levels of creation. As the power pooled around him the darkness was pushed back and a 10X10 room was created filled with earth and crystals and a faint glow enter the room and as always pain raced through him. At the edge of the room a figure coalesced and started walking forward Cronus hated that just the sight of the figure made fear beat in his core. "How long have we played this game today I am going to change it up for the first time I will not cause you harm today we will just talk. So ancient one how would you like to be free and for the first time in eons set foot on back in your old empire." The shadow whispered. Cronus being screamed to take whatever deal to make this end but he called upon all of his self control to stop his mind for shouting yes and the shadow just keep talking. "It's ok some beings need the dark they can't face freedom the battle of wills is all they have and they fight for it but you are different. Did you know that all of your fellows have taken deals and returned to creation only you remain here with me in the abyss and I must thank you i would fall back to darkness without you." Cronus gather his thoughts and ready his powers but he quietly thought about taking the deal. He was not the only being of great power that had been put into the pit but of all the ones left he was the only one that could remember the the time before the world was made and the planets moved around the eternal flame that they called the sun. However he just could not bring his mind around to listening to the creature of the abyss. He had no mouth to rebuke the master of his tortured existence but for the first time there was a true chance to break free from this nightmare and nothing would hold the him back. The shadow glided back over and power pulsed filling the room with each pulse made the crystal light up and Cronus was surprised while he could no longer see he still had the sense that made him an elder being. The shadow was tall and his core was purely made up of the essence of the abyss it was so black that even showed up different from all the other place giving a strange outline. Than for the first time light came into the abyss it was pure and clean and exploded into the crystal fill up the room and for the first time Cronus felt power coming back to him filling up the long depleted reserves. As the light filtered down he gathered up all the bits of matter that had travel with it he could tasted the different worlds that the light had touched and the different layers of the abyss that it had filtered through.
"I promised that we would not hurt you anymore and as a sign of good will I give you light from the world above so that you might repair yourself and talk to me with your own voice, I shall wait while you form up the body that had been smashed over the long ages." Shadowed whispered. Cronus form gather as he broke down the light to make a body and once again return in his full majesty but he was done playing their game and he would not subject himself to the indignity of this dank and putrid hell hole and now that he had access to the surface all he needed was a few moment to break free. He pulled light into a slim and tight shape looking almost like an eel and ready himself to shoot forward and out through the beam of photons. "I see you have given yourself a body and you can talk if you wish this make me pleased now we can discourse of how you might become free." As the Shadow began to talk Cronus put his plan into action in one great inhalation of power he broke free from the room and shattered the ceiling and raced through the ichor of the abyss. He was starting to feel good about himself when he heard the unearth scream follow him up from his cell and knew that his captor was after him and horrified he didn't have the power to fight him off and keep trying to reach the surface. He stretched his being out looking for anything that might help him break free and all all he found were more doomed souled and even some that he had no idea what they could be if he was not being chased at the moment he might research them. "CRONUS HERE ME YOU WILL NOT ESCAPE YOU WILL JOIN ME AND WE WILL LEAVE THIS PLACE I WILL NOT BE DENIED SUMMIT AND I WILL MAKE THIS PAINLESS AND YOU WILL FIND JOY AND OUT NEW XSTANCE. As the shadow screamed pulses of energy reach into the void and started to slow Cronus down. He was desperate as he gather the last of his energy he felt the presence of something pure and clean wash over him and he tasted for the first time the power of the universe and he merge with it as his essess mingle with the core of the being he found himself being changed and made anew and as the light enveloped him he felt a body being shape and crafted by the will of the being. The last thought he had before he was changed was finally he would be free and somewhere off in the distance he heard the screams of the void as it will was thwarted.
Ryan was lost and scared and she was so confused she remember running from the tall teacher and she could swear that she had feline features and this also freaked her out but when she touch the door she was falling into darkness. She wanted her mother and by extension her father but at this point she would accept even the family cat if it could make the situation better. What really was driving her up the wall was that there was no sound no matter how she yelled she heard nothing. She was getting angry also because she was crying and she hated that it made her feel weak but she was started to get herself in checked and as her mind came back under control she started to evaluate and plan. It was dark but the longer she looked she could tell that space were darker than other and somehow it felt a current and for lack of a better idea she followed the flow. As she passed the darker areas she felt a caress and felt a strange sensation of lust and revulsion that passed through her and she did her best to avoid the spots. As she followed the flow of the place she knew that if she didn't find a way out of her she would be lost and the overwhelming fear was threatening to crush her and just when she was about to give into despair she felt the comforting presence of someone. It felt like a wall was surrounding her and keeping the the darkness and bay and her normal courage was starting to return. As the presence grow stronger it started to produce light and she could see around her and she was surprised by the cave that she was in. The wall were made of some kind of crystal and the floor had a green and yellow checked patterned and standing in the middle of the room was a man but not like she had ever seen before. He was tall almost as tall as a basketball poll and he was muscled but not like a bodybuilder more like someone who worked all day in the field. He had long silver hair that at first she mistook for grey hair but when light hit it the glow was mesmerizing and it moved like there was a strong breeze but she felt nothing. His eyes were summerfield green and she could feel them looking through her judging her and she did not want to be found lacking by this being. At his side was a massive scythe the wood was dark and shiny and smooth so she could tell it was used a lot and the blade was sharp and impossibly long and she could feel a strange pulse coming off it. All in all this being was larger than life but someone how she could tell that they both were in need of help so it was time to talk brass tax.
"I have no idea why you have brought me here but you better have a good explanation I am in the middle of a very important meeting that will determine the fate of my life and by being here you put that all in jeopardy." Ryan bluffed, The man moved and as he came closer he seemed to shrink becoming the no taller than her dad at 6ft as he come up to her he looked down with a smile, "I apologize for any grief that has come your way but I am not responsible for you being in the pit however it seem we are both in a position to aid one another. I would like your help in escaping this pit and in exchange I offer my service unto you until your life comes to an end." Ryan took a step back she had heard tell of all kinds of evil and corrupted spirits that would latch onto a pure soul and use it for nefarious deeds. She was about to run when she felt the whole cave rock as if some force had slammed into it and she was thrown off her feet and into the waiting arms of the stranger. Then came the howl like all the fear that her mind had ever made up given form and she started shaking but what really caused her to be start losing it was that the stranger was also shaking. "I know that I am asking a lot from you but if you trust me I promise that you will not regret it and I will bond myself to your will." As she just getting herself back under control the man put her back onto her feet and then in one smooth and with quiet elegant he sank to his knees in supplication. Just as his knees touch the ground the force slammed into the Cave again and Ryan knew she would have to make a choice and seeing as the stranger was asking to work for her and that the sound outside did not seem to be willing to play ball she made a leap of faith and accepted the stranger oath of service. When he looked up his eyes were glowing and the smile that crossed his face was breathtaking and privately Ryan thought that if this being was going to steal her soul she might not mind it too much. However before she went too far down that rabbit hole she was swept off her feet into the arm of her new servant and her was looking right at her. "Master at this time I will need to borrow some of your Dynami I will only take what is needed to break us out of the Abyss but I need you to grant permission before I begin." Ryan was shaking and as she looked around she saw cracks forming in the cave and she knew that it would not survive another hit and more importantly she did not want to be here when whatever was trying to break in got inside. Ryan looked up into the eyes of her protector and nodding giving consent she was about to asked what was going to happen when she felt warmth move through her and up her spine it was a wonderful sensation and her toe started curling. She was alive and for the first time she was not scared or worried she was on top of the world or at least on top of the cavern she was just about to let out a primal scream she everything when white.
When color and sound return she was standing in the same hall and the fire alarm was ring and the mirror that she had touch was now cracked and blackened with smoke coming out of it. She looked around for the man that save her but he was nowhere to be found and she heard footsteps coming up the steps from below. She frozen and was about to trying a make a break for it when her mother came up and grab her into a bear hug crying and demanding she explain where she had been. She wanted to explain but at that moment trapped in her mother's arms she began much to her own embarrassment to weep uncontrollably she know other people were in the hall with them but it did not matter all she wanted to do was go home and crawl into bed and forget this day ever happen. She was not sure how much time had passed but she finally got control of herself and was ready to look at her mother. It was surprising to see her mother looking so afraid and she wanted nothing more than to take back the pain she caused but right now she need to bring the situation back under control. "Mom I know you are upset but could we please leave this room and maybe return to the rest of the class I think it would help to calm me down and also to make everyone else relax." Her mom released her for a second and took a set back and stood to her full height and now she could see the rage building inside her and knew that when she got home they would be having a conversation about this. However anything would be better than being in this building a moment longer. "Honey I want you to know that we will be continuing this discussion with you father when we get home and I look forward to your explanation on where you have been for the last two days and more importantly I will be checking to make sure this little stunt does not happen again." She hugged me again and then stood behind me letting me know she was protecting me but also stopping me from trying to break for it. As we came to the bottom of the steps I finally notice that I was famished and exhausted it was as if all the stress and worried had finally caught up to me and I just couldn't take anymore the last thing I heard as my world tilted was my mother gasp and everything went dark.
HAPPY MISTAKES
The circle was gather and this time no one was late the air of fear and excitement was feeling the chamber but not one moved or showed signs that it bother them. The Mirror had been unlocked and not that it was active the next phase of the plan could begin but as with all great endeavor the group had fallen to arguing about what the next set should be and how should lead the effort and through it all Nanna just smiled. She didn't care one wit about the plan she had join the group for one reason and that was to free love and now she had found the tool that would crack the seal and it was the soul of a untested girl. She would need to move with care one mistake and she would be sent back to Asgard and have to deal with her family and she would not do well with the liar and betrayer. As lost in thought about the past and the future she almost missed when Chara addressed her, "Nanna the girl is in your class I think it should be you that lead the next phase you were the only one who kept her head when the girl went into the portal and more importantly her mother is grateful for all the work you did. I name you the leader of the next phase." Nanna was at a lost for words she didn't need to convince anyone good fortune had fallen into her lap and the smile that spread across her face was not only of joy but she was genuinely happy should would not need to destroy these people all in all it was shaping up to be a good day.
The world had changed mountain had risen and seas had turned to landmass even the animals had evolved into different creatures. His time was over and he stood in the world of his descendants and was amazed by the new shape of the world his stood in. The very planet had change shape and was now a sphere moving around the star when at one time it was a flat plane of existence the bodies of his once great army making the foundation of the world in which he stood all in all he was intensely proud of the brutality of his children. The feeling of life was everywhere and moved through him and the rush of energy that showed he was alive sang in his core. He wondered how so much power could be about and the life forms of today did not glow with the essence of it. The cord of power that connected him to his contractor alone could light up a room but nothing in the world seem to pay it any mind and he wonder if something had happen to people of this new world. He descended from the height and turned back into the creature that his contractor made for him he thought the body was limiting but he was already getting used to having a gender and the agility of the four legged animal. He knew that some of his equal would have been enrage to be in a lesser form but he was still reeling from the liberation that he would have been happy in a fig tree. The young child or at least he thought it was a child was still asleep from the ordeal and was not likely to awaken this day but already he put wards up and call forth lesser spirit to guard and protect the still form. If the young child died he would be shot back into the abyss and his return would not be greeted with the welcome that should be his due. He had sent threads of power out to see if any of his army and supporters still lived but had yet to hear any responses to his call. He had hope to hear or even feel the presence of Rhea but nothing of power was felt and he wonder if she had return to the Influunt. Since the child was asleep it was time to inspect the building that would be his home and new center of power.
Ryan woke to a world that was on fire and to her eyes being seared away by the light of millions of sun but beyond that she was just glad to be awake. She tried to call out to her mother but no sound would issue from her and this cause her to freak out. She tired to sit up but her body choice that moment to go on strike and would not listen to a single command she planned to have words later about this gross insubordination. As her feet touched the ground she let out a gasp of pain and within moments both of her parents were in the room holding her and telling her to get back into bed. She had never seen them scared it made her terrified of what could have caused it. They were hugging her and she wanted answers to what in all creation happened. "If you had only asked I would have answer your question but I was not sure if you wanted to panic more now that your creator were here." The voice came from all around but only she seem to hear it which made it worse since she was not prepared to lose her mind. "I completely agree working for someone who is not in control of their faculties would be choir not that I would walk away but everyone would be better if you were sane." Ryan completely agreed but hearing voices was one of the classic for going insane and she was not sure she could accommodate whoever this was but since the voice was offering to help she figured it was time to get answers. "What happened the last thing I remember was that I was looking into a mirror and everything went black." The voice somehow cleared it throat and began to fill in the gaps in her mind. "I am not sure how you found yourself in the abyss and more importantly I am not sure how you get out but if I were to hazard a guess you are more than human or have some small amount of God blood in you that allow you to survive for a time where most would have been renders back to nothingness." Ryan was so shocked she could not believe everything that she was being told but more importantly if that was true why was she in so much pain. The voice clearly didn't seem to understand when someone was asking question to herself and quip a answer. "I did say a small amount of God blood the rest is of human stock and not able to handle the forces that were brought to bare so now you must heal the damage." Ryan was getting a little upset and not to mention wanted to go back to sleep so she asked the last question on her mind. "Who are you and why are you helping me?" The voice turned formal answer with ceremony" I am the former lord of creation and leader of the Grabtella or in you tongue Titans. Where my feet touch came life and my anger brought Death I AM Cronos and your servant. It was the last sound Ryan heard before healing power of sleep came for her.
When Ryan woke it was easier for her to move and and most of the pain was just a dull throb that she could work around. She was still weak but she wanted out of the bed and more importantly she wanted relieve herself and be a person again. She had to place her hand on the wall to keep steady but finally made it to bathroom. When she looked into the mirror she did not really recognized who was looking back. Her skin was no longer pale and had become tan like she had been out in the sun giving her a beach body that she never asked for. Her once dirty blond hair was now pure black and it was almost weightless. Her whole life her long hair had been pulling on her and without it she found that weird. All these changes she could have dealt with but her eyes were like nothing she had seen before black and with barely any white and the longer she looked in the mirror the more she panicked who was this person looking back and what had happened to her. Just when she thought everything was truly fucked the voice came back. "You have been touched by the Abyss and its mark is upon you now and will stay with you. One can not step into the void and not be changed but you will find that for you it will be a significant blessing. Also I did some research and they no longer kill people who have this blessing so nothing to worry about." The voice had a rich timber that she missed when they last spoke and the voice was strangely soothing all of this would have made Ryan feel better if not for the screaming she was doing when her parent came running the only question that she could utter was "What happen to me?"
