
1. Country name - Alaria - Government description - Feudal Monarchy - Nations societal alignment - LG - Nation description - Mid-sized country based on classic fantasy medieval kingdoms.

2. Country name -  Rohevan - Government description - Democratic Republic - Nations societal alignment - NG - Nation description -  Small nation in which the ruler is an elected official selected by common vote. Much of the play of this nation is devoted to maintaining your popularity amongst the people to remain in office.

3. Country name -  Holy Primean Empire - Government description - Balkanized Empire - Nations societal alignment - N - Nation description -  With a reigning monarch that is elected to serve for life, the Empire is one of the least organized and controlled entities in the game.  While technically the largest of the nations, the empire is composed of a mass of substates that pretty much do what they want.  Think the Holy Roman Empire at its weakest.

4. Country name - Primean Papal States - Government description - Theocracy - Nations societal alignment - LG - Nation description -  This smallish nation dominates the religion of several nations, and its ruler, the Patriarch is responsible for the souls of the members of all Primean nations (Alaria, Rohevan, Therendrim, Durus, and theoretically the protestant Athasian League, as well as several minor powers).

5. Country name - Therendrim - Government description - Constitutional Monarchy - Nations societal alignment - LN - Nation description -  Middle sized nation that is heir to an ancient empire that spanned the eastern half of the continent.  Much of play centers around getting the nobility to do what you want them to and balancing that with international issues.

6. Country name -  Durus - Government description - Bureaucratic Ministries - Nations societal alignment - LN - Nation description -  Medium-sized nation devoted to order through better mind control.  This nation is led by an appointed bureaucratic minister.  The psionic heritage of the Durun people also gives them fantastic leverage in the world of espionage.  Think 1984 meets D&D.

7. Country name - Athasian League - Government description - Hanseatic Trade League - Nations societal alignment - LG - Nation description -  Large nation composed of several city states led by a chairman, generally the best merchant among them.  The Athasians are a major trade power.  They are also the only major Primean nation to reject the religious rule of the Patriarch, putting them at odds with many of their neighbors.

8. Country name - Ti’vashni - Government description - Matriarchal Naturalists - Nations societal alignment - NG - Nation description - Medium nation that is physically and culturally isolated from its neighbors.  Noted for their strong following of the Druidic faith and feared for their unicorn cavalry.

9. Country name -  Celistark - Government description - Tribal Kingdom - Nations societal alignment - CN - Nation description - Large country composed of several fierce and proud tribes of warriors, poets, and sailors.  This nation is feared for its seaborne raiders, and much of the player experience lies in dealing with infighting, dangerous neighbors, and occasionally preying on the weak.  Think Vikings and Celts rammed together at high speeds.

10. Country name -  Morgaard - Government description - Cursed Kingdom - Nations societal alignment - CE - Nation description - Large nation culturally devoted to the greater evil.  The land is cursed and blighted.  This nation is at what could be a turning point in it’s history, either a paladin has put down the lich king/queen OR the lich king/queen has put down the paladin and declared rule with an iron fist.  Either way, managing this country within the greater world will not be easy.  

11. Country name - Khazak Dhur - Government description - Dwarven Thanedom - Nations societal alignment - LG - Nation description - One of the richest nations, this country is beset by enemies.  Most of the nation is beneath the mountains at the center of the continent, making the country very central to the shape of world politics.

12. Country name - Levain - Government description - Tribal Gerontocracy - Nations societal alignment - N - Nation description - This smallish country is absolutely the poorest, least advanced nation in the game, this country is ruled by its eldest member. Their primary advantage is their powerful union with the spirits of the land who nurture and defend them, tending to most of their needs.

13. Country name -  Stildar - Government description - Lizardfolk and Human Confederacy - Nations societal alignment - NE - Nation description - This large nation is a fairly backwards, swamp filled land ruled by lizardfolk.  The rich resources of this land provide much opportunity for someone who can overcome the clannish nature of the people and provide the necessary guidance to build them into a strong country.

14. Country name -  Voresh - Government description - Autocracy - Nations societal alignment - LE - Nation description - Slaver nation and major economic power.  The country is a small, marshy nation built on the backs of the slave trade, and is a powerhouse of human capital.

15. Country name - Ostwil - Government description - Trade Based City-State - Nations societal alignment - N - Nation description - Perhaps the greatest of the trading powers of the world, this tiny nation has trades and contacts flung all over the known world.

16. Country name - Freeport of Karanex - Government description - Pirate Kingdom (Kleptocracy) - Nations societal alignment - CE - Nation description - A tiny country run from the massive fortress Skull Mountain, the Karanexi plunder the massively lucrative inner sea trade to sustain themselves.  A particularly predatory playing experience.

17. Country name - Jurai - Government description - Satrapy-based Sultanate - Nations societal alignment - LE - Nation description - One of the most powerful nations in the world, the Jurai are ancient in their acquaintance with political infighting, intrigue, and danger.  Massively cosmopolitan, the Jurai have hundreds of different peoples, languages, and customs within their borders, all owing fealty to their sultan.

18. Country name - Akhen - Government description - Absolute Theocratic Autocracy - Nations societal alignment - NE - Nation description - This small nation is ruled by a God-King.  Within the borders of this country, anything that the ruler wants, the ruler gets.  He can reshape, kill, and revive the people of his country how he wills, for it is his place to rule.  However, those massive powers end at the border of his nation.

19. Country name - Korim - Government description - Tribal Confederacy - Nations societal alignment - CN - Nation description - The people of this relatively primitive mid sized nation view themselves through one lens alone, their holy duty to once per generation have their whole adult populace fight the greatest beast the world has ever known, the Tarrasque.

20. Country name - Karis - Government description - Messianic Tribal Monarchy - Nations societal alignment - CN - Nation description - This is a mid-sized desert nation ruled by a prophesied monarch who, it is said, will lead the people to a land of plenty.  The people of this nation don’t have much, but are a fierce and powerful people.  Think the Aiel from Wheel of Time or the Fremen from dune.

21. Country name - Ashen’gar - Government description - Goblinoid Hegemonic Stratocracy - Nations societal alignment - LE - Nation description - This large nation is home to many different sub fiefdoms of goblinoids.

22. Country name -  Elvenhome - Government description - Socialist Monarchy - Nations societal alignment - CN - Nation description - This small to middling elven nation is the ancient home of the long-lived elven people.  They are rich in magic, lore, and personal freedoms.

23. Country name -  Lycaeum - Government description - Magocracy - Nations societal alignment - N - Nation description - The Lycaeum is at its heart the home of the world’s guild of wizards, attempting to regulate the use of arcane power in the world.  More run like a institution of learning than a nation, the Lycaeum presents unique challenges to the person playing it, as it must balance neutrality with the practical goals of the advancement of magic in the world.

24. Country name - Tanaf - Government description - Genasi Caliphate - Nations societal alignment - N - Nation description - Distant cousins of the people of Jurai, the Tanafen are as much related to Geniekind as they are to humanity.  A small country of hidden mysteries and wealth, Tanaf is a power poised on the edge of greatness.  This country has a classic Arabian Nights vibe.

25. Country name -  Afenthar - Government description - Nomadic Dictatorship - Nations societal alignment - CE - Nation description - A very large nation surrounding several smaller ones, the Horselords of the Afenthar constantly press the nearby peoples for tribute.  Think the Mongol Horde.

26. Country name - Gnomergnan - Government description - Gnomish Technocracy - Nations societal alignment - CG - Nation description - Small country of gnomes who are without a doubt the most technologically advanced people of the world. The gnomes are ruled by someone selected from their guildmasters to run the country and deal with the various extreme threats.  Their military, while not strong, is feared throughout the world for its overwhelming effectiveness.

27. Country name - Veraxis - Government description - Draconic Gerontocratic Aristocracy - Nation description - Nations societal alignment - LE - Government description - While dragons don’t usually go around ruling countries, very few people are going to tell them that they can’t. – Nation description -  This small nation is ruled by a clan of blue dragons who consider the peoples of the nation part of their collective hoard.

28. Country name - Vrenzen - Government description - Hill Dwarven Plutocratic Monarchy - Nations societal alignment - NG - Nation description - A small but defensible country squeezed in between some very dangerous neighbors, the Hill Dwarves are a resilient country with many advantages belying its small size.

29. Country name - Prindar - Government description - Corporate Autocracy - Nations societal alignment - N - Nation description - Having begun as an adventurer’s guild, this nation is built around maintaining that function.  Staunchly neutral, they offer their services in problem solving and problem causing to other nations in exchange for large fees.

30. Country name - Kenhall - Government description - Libertarian Halfling Kingdom - Nations societal alignment - NG - Nation description - This small nation produces vast quantities of food that feeds many of the surrounding nations.  A fiercely independent people dedicated to their homes and defending them, it is also home to wanderers and the major center of trade on the north coast.

31. Country name - Galiaca - Government description - Merfolk Monarchy - Nations societal alignment - N - Nation description - After many years apart the two countries of Asturias and Leon have finally united under a new heir. They are known for their fierce warriors and cunning traders. Their new ruler must balance these two cultures and contend with adversities found only beneath the waves.

32. Country name - Ker’Zerak - Government description - Drow Spider Queen - Nations societal alignment - CE - Nation description - Cruel beyond belief, power beyond measure, and a will to dominate everyone.  Drow believe that the elves are a superior race and that all should bow to the true Drow power. They are masters of the Underdark and are known for their devastating clerics of Lolth.  In recent years the Drow have been seen more on the surface and engaging in trade and opening dialogue with their neighbors and more surprising honoring their deals.

