January 31, 2025,
First entry
Derek Thompson

	I don’t know where to begin.  I don’t journal, but it’s time I wrote out my thoughts and worked on myself since I have so many damn issues to work through.  My biggest issue is how I have hurt my partner, Babs.  I have lied to her so many times that my word is trash.  I have cheated emotionally, giving time and energy to other women while I have neglected her in every way a partner can.  Furthermore, I don’t show up for her when she needs me and use her to aid my growth.  This past week, I even sexually assaulted her when I tried to initiate sex when she was falling asleep.  As of now, she no longer trusts me, and I can’t think of a single reason that she will ever trust me again.
	Over the last 6 months, I have lied so much that I no longer remember what I lied about.  I want to stop, but when I am put on the spot I just want to say the right thing to make people happy.  This has led to so many issues that my world is imploding, and social and professional life are falling apart.  Getting out of bed has become a chore.  I am so drained, and I can only blame myself for all of this.  I missed when our relationship was good. Furthermore, I missed the days when we smiled at each other and laughed.  Furthermore, I missed being with her, but all my mistakes have left her distant and filled with distrust.  Furthermore, I want to fix it so badly but each time I miss up and make everything worse than it was before.


	Today I woke up and fed Max my dog and Starlight my cat.  I gave Max his allergy pill which he hates taking and each day I have to put the pill down his mouth just so he will take the damn thing.  Starlight is new to the house and right now Babs and I are trying to follow a plan to get them to socialize and live together without them trying to hurt each other.  It's going well as both Max and Starlight seem to have no issues with each other.  The major problem is the house is not cat-proof.  This means that Starlight is confined to the second floor and doesn’t have free roam of the house.  All that being equal I did miss having a cat in the house and I look forward to the day that Starlight trusts us.

February 5, 2025,
Second entry
Derek Thompson

	It was a rough start to the day.  My nerves were shot worrying about work and whether I was going to be fired or put on some kind of performance review program.  I could barely sleep, and it felt like my world was falling apart.  Babs was a pillar during this whole time she kept me focused and stopped me from spiraling out of control.  On the ride, we listened to The Wandering Inn which is a book series we both like, and she inspired me to go to work and do the best I could.  She even talked about how she would stand with me if I lost my job.  You can’t ask for a better partner than that.  
	At work, it was hard to focus, but I made sure I prepared and that I had tightened up my code.  When the review came I was as ready as I could be.  I was shocked at how the 1 on 1 went. I was told to go over my code and explain what I created.  Furthermore, I had to defend why I gathered the information and how.  Furthermore, I had to explain each of my methods and why I needed them.  Sadly I still had some errors in my code and that didn’t make me look good at first but as the 1 on 1 went on I was able to defend and show that I understood what I had written and why.  I was able to show my knowledge and I understood what I was trying to do.  I felt such a sense of relief after the meeting it was like being high and drunk at the same time.  Furthermore, I understand that I am still in danger of being put on a performance plan.  Furthermore, I understand that I might still lose my job but for the moment I can breathe and make it to the next month's review.
	Let's talk about me on a more personal level.  Yesterday I had therapy and my biggest concern was that I had assaulted my partner Babs.  She was asleep, and I tried to get her in the mood for sex and I didn’t ask for consent or check in if she wanted to even be touched.  I just went with what I wanted, and her feelings were damned.  This is an ongoing problem in my life and the harder I look at myself and my past actions the worse I look and feel.  I have lived my life only caring about my needs and my wants and because of this, I am stunted emotionally and socially which has led to more and more problems in my life.  I must take ownership of my actions and work to be a better person and human being.  Furthermore, I can’t keep hurting those I care about because of my selfish desires and needs.  Furthermore, I want to be better. Furthermore, I want to be someone who people can lean on and count on, and I don’t want to be this wreck of a human being.  
	So, if I want change and I want to be better I need a plan that works a path forward for growth and accountability.  
The first step is taking ownership of all my mistakes without lying and deflecting.  This is not as easy as it sounds as I have been lying for so long that I don’t know where the lies stop.  What matters is I stop lying and tell the truth no matter how painful and no matter the consequences to myself.  I need to be able to look someone in the eyes tell them the truth and take ownership of any wrongdoings I have caused.  I am a cheater. Furthermore, I need to own this as well. Furthermore, I went on dates and hung out with other women romantically and while sex didn’t happen the lies and sneaking around behind my partner's back did happen.  Furthermore, I need to understand that the pain I caused will always be there, and I will never have the level of trust back I once had.  Furthermore, I need to accept that from now on I am a liar and cheater even if I change today for the better I will always have this as something I have done.  Furthermore, I am going to work on study guides and self-help books guided by my therapist to work on finding the root cause of my issue and what I need to change in my life.  Furthermore, I have started this journal as one of the lessons I must work on.  Every day I will write and reflect on what I have done and what I need to improve upon. This is a basic outline and I will need to come up with more ideas and plans for growth.


February 8, 2025,
Third entry
Derek Thompson

	It happened again. I failed to be the person my partner needed.  She has brought to my attention that I keep her on hold and don’t plan.  I treat her like one of the boys instead of being my partner.  She looks at me and I see in her eyes that I don’t live up to the dream she had for us, and it cuts like a knife each time.  I am failing to be a decent human being, and I am sadly just one more shitty male that has let her down.  
	I can’t even return DVDs to a company, I needed to print out labels for each box and instead, I just printed the same label over again and what does that mean I wasted my day and my partner's time.  Furthermore, I am so fucking dumb this is basic shit and anyone would know that the same label would not work but no I figured it would all work out. Instead of doing any research or looking at the damn website I just assumed I knew what I was doing, and now I have wasted a day and achieved nothing.  	
	I am supposed to tell my therapist when this happens, but I am so tired, and I just want to lie down and be done.  I feel every choice I make is the wrong one, and I don’t know how to get out of the spiral of bad decisions.  Furthermore, I have hurt so many people and for what a moment of cheap thrills and gratification.  Furthermore, I hate who I am right now, and I can’t fucking stand the fact that the healing journey is so hard and cold.  Furthermore, I have to look at each choice and reflect on why I did it and what I gain, and the truth is I have gained very little.  Furthermore, I am a sad man living a broken life of my own making.
	So what do I do to change?  I need to stop hoping for a magical fix or something to come along and make it right.  I have broken my life and those around me and I must put the work in to fix it.  Furthermore, I have stopped seeing and hanging out with people I am not right in the head right now and my presence will only make everything worse until I have healed.  This is a cheap measure as it doesn’t address the core problems in my life.  I need to find out why lying is my default response instead of telling the truth.  What do I think will happen if I tell the truth, hardship would come my way if I just spoke the truth every time instead of lying to make myself feel safe and good?  I haven’t even gone 1 month without telling dumb lies.
	I am jumping around. Furthermore, I am not sure what to say in this, but I want to write about work.  Furthermore, I know that I am lacking as an employee, but I am trying now.  Furthermore, I am focused at work for the first time in months as I try to keep my job and become a co-worker and employee who can show up and do the job.  These last few weeks I have put the effort in, and I am seeing a difference at work.
	I think for the first time I am realizing that I am not a good person.  I am learning for the first time that my whole life I have only cared about myself.  Furthermore, I need to be better. Furthermore, I need to become someone that isn’t so wrapped up in themselves.  Furthermore, I want to make the people in my life better. Furthermore, I want to stand up for what is good and write and not just follow the easy path of going along to get along.  Healing is so damn hard, and I have barely begun.  I am so tired.

February 11, 2025,
Fourth entry
Derek Thompson

Today I am on the train coming from work and all I can say is that I feel like I have hit a wall.  I keep hoping that things will make sense and that I will progress. Then I hit a roadblock and I can’t seem to break out of it.  Babs has been great. She has been a rock in my corner this whole time helping me and making sure I don’t fall back on bad behaviors.  You would think after 45 years of life I would have some understanding of what I need to do, but sadly I barely understand how to get through my day.  
	Today I will be spending the evening alone for the first time in months and I don’t know how I feel about it.  Again you would think I would be used to it since I have been alone most of my life.  Scared to reach out and connect and open up bdisagrLlewlynstam is not worth knowing.  I do the same thing every day and seem to make the same mistakes over and over again.  When I get home I will take Max for a walk since he has been in the house for hours.  I will make sure Starlight gets some time out of her room and finally, I will get back to work on my new test.  I will not make any mistakes this time. Furthermore, I won't hurt Babs with my lies and I won’t hurt myself with being a shit human being.  It will be nice to do the right thing for a change and not break my life.  
I have been wondering a lot about why I am the way I am.  I had a decent childhood and lots of friends who stood by me.  Furthermore, I am shocked that I have become so damn toxic over the years and how I missed it.  You would think I would see it and know to look out for it instead I have given in to the worst side of myself.  I drank too much when I went to bars and parties.  I lied to everyone and worse I lied to myself about who I am and what I am about.  The path back to being a person and I say person and not a good person because what I lack is the basic skills and social norms that make up a person.  Saying a good person undervalues all the work people do every day.  
I have talked a bit about what my issues are, but I have not yet come up with a plan of action to be better.  What line of research should I do to understand the process and truly walk the path of being a better person?  I think the first thing will have to be telling the truth.  It sounds, so damn simple just speak the truth and work from there but being that open scared the shit out of me.  I don’t know why, and I don’t have any reason to feel that way.  My trauma is work-related and has nothing to do with me lying all the damn time.  I can’t explain why I do it either, it just starts coming out of me.  I craft this new story about my life and I want that to be the truth.  Furthermore, I don’t want my life to be the truth. Well damn if journaling didn’t open up something to think about.  
I should stay focused. I will address that though later.  The next step will be to open up about who I am.  Babs has been begging me to show up and be vulnerable.  I think it is time I did that instead of holding back and pretending everything is good or that I don’t know what she wants.  I think each day I will tell her something about my life and who I am as a person.  It’s the start of a plan at least.  I also need to bring back the spark in our relationship.  I need to put time and energy into planning outings and showing that I value Bad’s time and energy.  When we started dating I put more effort in, and I went out of my way to show her that I loved and valued her.  Now I wake up and take for granted that she will be there, and I don't value her time or needs.  I need to think about her life when I want to do something and plan accordingly.  She has asked me on more than one occasion to stop making her wait in a holding pattern.  
I can say one good thing that has come from all of this and that's for the first time I can see a better me.  I am healing and working on myself.  Furthermore, I am fixing what is wrong with me and I won’t stop now that I have begun.  Furthermore, I have time and energy and I will work to become something greater than what I was.  Furthermore, I will stop holding myself back and step into the future with my head held high.  Furthermore, I have made so many mistakes and there are issues that I won’t be able to repair with just words or actions.  Furthermore, I will hold those life scars and remember each mistake I have made so that I can become someone I can respect.

February 12, 2025,
Fifth entry
Derek Thompson

Today was a decent day. I woke up and was able to get my day started without too much issue.  I talked with Babs this morning, and we talked about the snow and whether I feed the fur babies.  We found out that the camera was not working and had to reset it.  The ride to the train station was uneventful, but I did get to listen to The Wandering Inn which is a book that both of me and Babs enjoy.  Sadly I did forget to take my pills, but I was able to make it through the day without too much issue and was even able to get my test up and working.  Ok, I have a solid framework for the test now. I need to do some polishing so that I can get it reviewed.  
When I get home today I will take my dog Max for a walk and let my cat roam around the house.  We are trying to integrate them, and it's going well, but we need to take it slowly so that they get along and don’t hate each other.  I can’t wait until I can leave both of them alone together without fear that they will hurt each other.  When my last cat passed I didn’t think I would have room in my life for another cat and since I already had a dog I was content. However, the longer I thought about it the more I missed having a cat around the house.  
Let's talk about feelings today. It was strange being home alone last night. It's been so long since I have had the house to myself and did I do anything nope.  I didn’t call anyone except Babs. I didn't play any games and I didn’t read my book.  Furthermore, I worked and then watched TV and I couldn’t make it through a show before I fell asleep. Furthermore, I think I am both depressed and isolated and I don’t know how to break out of it.  Should I reach out to new people should I find a new hobby, but let's be honest I couldn’t afford that right now if I wanted to?  I am ok with how things are right now, and I can’t really say that I am upset or unhappy.  I am reconnecting with my brother and mom and this weekend I have plans to see the Eagle's parade which I am sure my brother will enjoy. 
I don’t have too much to write about today so I will sign off here.

February 13, 2025,
Sixth entry
Derek Thompson

It has been a weird day so far, and it's not over yet.  I am heading home to speak with my brother about how we are going to see the eagle parade.  The city will be largely shut down, and we will need to plan our route for that, and I am feeling nervous about it.  In all honesty, I don’t want to go, and I want to spend the day at home relaxing and sleeping in, but I did promise him and I don’t want to break my word again.  So, I am on the way home so I can talk with him and plan and hopefully figure out the best way to get there.  I am not a good planner and that makes me super nervous.  I don’t want to be in the city and not know where I am going. Luckily Babs has reminded me that Google Maps and Waves will help me find where we need to go.  What I don’t want to happen is for me to do all the work and Eric just to ride along like he is my child.  It gets annoying having to plan and pay for him when he does not return the favor.  I know that sounds petty, but it does get tiring, hell I am the younger brother it would be nice to be spoiled every once in a while lol. 
I am bailing on Babs and the kids again. She said that I didn’t promise anything, but I feel that again I am letting her down.  She has been so kind and understanding, but I keep failing her over and over again.  I keep trying to show up, but I am doing nothing but breaking her heart and letting her down.  I have to do better. Furthermore, I have to stop living moment to moment and plan out my day and life.  Furthermore, I am not alone anymore, and I have someone who is counting on me to show the hell up.  When I get home after I speak with my brother I will take the time and think about what needs to change and what needs to be done. If I can put the time into work and my mental health I can put the time into planning and giving Babs what she needs.  
Work was different today. I felt that I was ready and able to answer any questions that came my way and I didn’t feel overwhelmed.  I still have a lot of work to do when I get home tonight and I know that I am still behind the 8-ball when it comes to being a valued member of the team, but I think I am finally showing up there.  It’s a shame that this is the only aspect of my life that I seem to be putting in true effort.  I know that it’s not true, and I am trying in all aspects of my life, but this is the only place that I feel I am making progress in.  I think the fear of being homeless and poor has put a fire under me.  Again, this is another sad part of my life and I know that I should not need the fear of losing my job to work hard and do my part.  I should be showing up and putting in the same effort every day.
Babs asked me to think about how my life has changed on the new anti depression meds, so I am going to take a minute and think about it.  I can feel again which is a weird thing to say, but the meds stop me from feeling like my emotions are trapped behind a wall.  The true pain is having to understand and deal with them again. It's like being a child and finding out the world is not fair.  Since I have switched I wake up and my emotions are all over the place some days, and it's jarring.  I want to cry, laugh, dance, and rage, and that is just the tip of it.  I thought I would be able to handle this but in truth some days all I can do is just breathe and press on.  However, even feeling that way I would not go back I feel alive again and like a person.  I am real and free, and I can think love and rage and be happy. I don't want to go back into the hole that I barely crawled out of.  Furthermore, I am not going to lie if I had continued on the path I think I would have one day just given up and rolled over.  Furthermore, I don’t think I would have killed myself, but in truth, I don’t think I would have fought hard to stay alive either.  Furthermore, I know Babs might leave me and move on, but for the first time, I know that I can continue to heal.  Furthermore, I love her and I want to be a good partner for her, but I also know that if I am not the one she should find that person and be happy. 

February 17, 2025,
Seventh entry
Derek Thompson


Hello, it looks like I missed a few days and let me tell you this weekend was rough.  I went to the Philly parade with my brother Eric and that was a nightmare but, the look on my brother’s face was all I needed to see.  He had such a good time and I can’t feel bad about that.  It was not planned well, and I found that by the end of the day, I was overwhelmed and wanted to go home.  However, I got to spend time with my brother and enjoy something that he has always wanted.  I am happy that I didn’t flake and that was largely because of Babs.  
The weekend was strange. It was a roller coaster of feelings and I can’t help but wish I was a better human being.  I am still trying to find the balance after I broke everything, and I hate that I can’t seem to get it right no matter what I try.  One big fact that came out of our talks was that I needed to slow down and think about my actions before doing anything.  I get in my own way with ideas and boom I fuck up.  Babs has tried again and again to explain that I don’t step outside myself, I only focus on what I want and what I need.  So, I need to put together a training mantra that starts with Who am I doing this for?  Why am I doing this for them?  Will this make them happy?  They are simple questions and I need to think about them before I decide for someone else.  
I am nervous that today we are going over our worksheets. I am worried that I didn’t do a good job or that I didn’t understand them.  Furthermore, I want to make progress, and I am scared I am rushing to find a new conclusion instead of thinking about what is wrong and what needs to be repaired.  Furthermore, I disappoint Babs regularly, and I am tired of that.  Furthermore, I am excited about my next talk therapy appt, and I need to remind my therapist that he needs to send over the worksheets on sexual assault and how to recover and stop.  Furthermore, I have had too many issues and I need to process and work on them.
Furthermore, I don’t have much to talk about today, but I think after my session I will have far more info to unpack.

February 18, 2025,
Eighth entry
Derek Thompson


I feel perfect today and I feel like I woke up from a long sleep or just saw the sun after being underground for years.  I am not sure why I feel this way. Furthermore, I have not done anything that would have brought this feeling on, and I am not sure how long it will last.  Furthermore, I wish I could point to something I did that would make me feel this way so I could try and repeat it.  Furthermore, I want to smile and dance again and just be happy to be alive.  Furthermore, I worry that it might be manic or just a wild swing in the other direction of depression.  Last week me and Babs spent time in our homes, and I won’t lie, it was nice knowing that I would not come home to a fight or disappointment. It's a strange feeling to have your space back after being with someone night and day.  What they don’t tell you is that it also gives you time to reflect on the type of person you are and all the wrongs you have done.  The silence that feels good becomes a blade that cuts deep, and you are forced to think about what you have done to bring about the whole affair.  
Today I have therapy, and I know that I have a lot to talk about.  Yesterday while on the couch with Babs I remembered as a kid all the trouble I would get into for lying.  I was never perfect at it and my parents could see right through me.  Still, I kept trying, and it got me nowhere except in more trouble and more pain.  Over these last few weeks I have told fewer lies and I have tried to be honest.  I have worked on just telling the truth and being able to confirm what I say with facts.  The act of controlling my habit of lying and finally being able to be truthful is a big boon.  Let's see how long it will last and if I can maintain it.
Work was surprisingly good today and I feel like I am finally back on the path of being a good employee.  It will take time to truly get back on track since I have been fucking around and not achieving like I should have.  I can see it in my boss's eyes that he doesn’t believe I will maintain this level of work and I have to prove him wrong and show that I will show up every day and work and be productive.  I want to get better at my job and I want to be someone who the team can count on.  Starting on Thursday I will work on my studies again. I have been busy with doctor's appointments and working on my relationship and I have failed to expand my skills.  If I am not careful I will lose the job not because I am a bad employee but because I no longer have the skill to keep up.  
Finally, I want to talk about my new meds and how I feel about them.  I have noticed an upswing in good days and I don’t feel the crushing weight of the world anymore.  I have been able to think and act and more importantly I have been able to focus more.  One thing that did bother me was that I lost focus while shopping with Babs, and I am not sure what happened there.  I had dipped into my own space and the world vanished.  She needed my support, and I was not there, I was in some other place.  She said I do it a lot and I want to work on that and figure out why I do it.  I think now that I have come out of my depression funk and once again have been thinking my mind can’t focus on what it missed.

February 19, 2025
9th entry
Derek Thompson
Another day has passed, and I am still feeling good.  I know that this is likely a brief window of happiness, but it feels great to be alive and just trying my best.  Working today was a lot easier. I knew what I wanted to do and had to do.  I asked the questions that would make my job easier and effective, and I went to work.  Furthermore, I didn’t fuck around like I did before, and I was even able to see where the test I made could be improved upon.  Furthermore, I know when I get feedback from Alex I will have a lot of corrections to make, but at the same time, I am looking forward to working on them and expanding my skills.  Tomorrow I will start back to work on my learning modules and continue to grow and improve.  I don’t want to jink what is happening, and I don’t want to become complacent.
Have you ever just enjoyed the day? It has been so long since I have just enjoyed being outside or relaxed.  I have been working so hard on trying to be better that I have lost track of just having a good time.  When I was at my lowest it felt like waking up to get stabbed each day.  Babs made me aware that I am not used to being happy and that I am withdrawn from being depressed.  I didn’t think that was a thing, but again I am learning that she is right, and I am not used to being happy and all the range of emotions that come with everyday life.
I don’t have much to talk about today, so I am going to sign off.

February 20, 2025
10th entry
Derek Thompson

Today was frustrating. I was feeling good but not happy as in the car on the way up to the train station Babs asked a question that sadly I knew was on her mind and had been on her mind for a while.  Do I have time for a partner, and can I make time for her?  It’s a hard question to answer because I don’t know if I do.  When I finish work I have such a small amount of time to get anything done.  I have to crash at 8pm if I want to get a good night's sleep and that only leaves about 4 hours during the day.  In that time I have to feed the pets, eat and get any work done that I have not finished.  It’s a fair question she has asked of me and I hate it to be honest.  I have been thinking about it most of the day and I wish I knew.  I think the honest truth is No I don’t have time for a relationship and if I was even more honest it would be wise of her to leave me and find someone who has the time and didn’t hurt her.  Furthermore, I am on the train right now typing this out and I hate that I don’t have a way to make it right and to fix all the damage that I have done.
Yesterday she was telling me the story of someone who was drunk, and they kept telling a woman that he was married and couldn’t go home with her.  It was wholesome and kind and no malice was in it.  I can’t say that I can’t say that I have never cheated and that I told someone I was taken.  Instead, I lied and did what I wanted and hurt my partner so badly that only now after 6 months are we even making headway.  Let's be honest we are not making headway we are just not fighting about the same stuff anymore.  
Worse at work today I found that I was triggered by a simple damn question and found myself freaking out even though I knew the answer to the question and how to answer it.  I was right and even was able to defend my point, but at the same time I just wanted to do whatever they said if they stopped asking me pointed questions.  I am 45 years old, and I am dealing with this buillshit.  Furthermore, I hate that I am like this and that I am not healed.

February 23, 2025
11th entry
Derek Thompson

I am sitting next to Babs, and we are talking and having a great time. We are talking about world events and the sadness in the world.  I am learning to talk with Babs as we continue our relationship and learn to love each other again.  I am ashamed of how I treated her and how the last 6 months hurt her.  Furthermore, I am now taking my therapy seriously, and I am trying my damndest to grow and become the human being that I should have been from the start.  Furthermore, I understand that people are not perfect, and every day is about growth and self-reflection.  Furthermore, I have some new learning modules that I will need to read and reflect on.
What are my plans for today?  One takes time to write in my journal and check good job, Derek. Lol I have to study. We have modules that need to be completed in a timely manner and spend time with Babs.  I have to eat and get the house in order and take the max for a walk. These are my life and I should never take them for granted.
I am worried about the state of my country as well. I look at the news and I can see just how our nation is falling apart, and I am scared of what comes next.  Furthermore, I have never lived through the hard times of social change that affected me.  The closest movement was me to an area which is still going on, and I saw how that changed our world.  It was a great time for social change, but now this feels like a backlash because Men can’t learn and grow from being in power.  I fear that in a wave of holding on to power and refusing to adapt, we will see the fall of not only America but us as a people.  You can see it in people's eyes on the streets and what's happening on social media.  What happens when it becomes a crime to speak out or your safety is put into question?  
I want to talk about something that is good. I have been going on and on about what is wrong in my life and I don’t talk enough about what is good and what is going to write.  One of the major changes is that I understand my job, and I am finally working as a team player.  It was a hard shift to finally ask the questions that get me to engage in my work and be a part of the team, but now I understand my limitations and what I was doing wrong.  I understand that I am not an island but one small part of the greater whole.  I am also working on finding time for me to enjoy and relax.  Furthermore, I need to take time to enjoy things for me and not just be on hold for someone.  The world is massive, and I want to try and understand more and enjoy more of it.  I am 45 and there is so much that I would like to do and now that I am properly medicated and learning and growing I can finally see a path for myself.

February 24, 2025
12th entry
Derek Thompson


I have to say today was good and I feel great.  I am on the train back to Clayton, and I was overjoyed that it was a boring day.  Furthermore, I expressed my concerns and told the team what I was working on.  After that peace as I worked and made progress on my day.  I can’t believe how bad an employee I was before and how I failed as a team member.  I know that I have not made a complete recovery, and it will be some time before I am fully trusted again, but I feel I am on the right path to keeping my job and returning to a status that shows I can produce.
Furthermore, I am going to light a fire today and sit outside with Babs as we smoke and reconnect, and I can’t wait.  Furthermore, I am so excited.  Furthermore, I have to work on my communication and listening skills for this relationship.  Furthermore, I think I have failed to give proper effort, but I am changing that I am working on explaining why I do what I do and also asking questions.  Furthermore, I can’t just stay in the box and continue being a lump of a man.  Furthermore, I plan to bring up tomorrow that I am bad at communicating and that I don’t understand what people say sometimes.

February 26, 2025
13th entry
Derek Thompson

It was another good day.  I got up on time, fed the fur babies and got myself ready for work.  I didn’t forget anything, and I was able to take Babs home and get to the train on time.  Furthermore, I was even able to figure out the gRPC call that I needed to reset fix modems.  Furthermore, I talked to my brother about his car and I plan to come up with a plan to get his car checked out as well.  We are a family, and it's time I treated him like that.  I have been neglectful of him and treated him closer to a roommate than my brother.  I also have worksheets from my therapist to work on.  The path of healing is never done.  
I have been wondering for some time how I have made it this far in my life without being able to connect to people.  I can read people and I understand why they do things, but I don’t feel for them. Furthermore, I don't connect to them and this is a major problem in my life.  Furthermore, I am sitting on the train and I know I have hurt people and friends and family and I find it hard to connect to that.  My therapist made me aware that I likely have issues with not getting emotional support when I was younger.  I know my family loved me, but I spent a lot of time alone because both my parents had to work.  They did the best they could for me, but I am not realizing that I will need to work on this.  I have to open my life to people and let them in.  I will someday need to make right all the hurt I caused while Babs and I were going through it.

February 27, 2025
14th entry
Derek Thompson

I have messed up again, and I let Babs down and have caused her to worry again.  I thought we were doing better, but again, it looks like I have not been doing my part in the relationship.  Furthermore, I keep thinking that we are healing and that we are making progress, but then a new list of issues comes up that I have failed to address again.  Furthermore, I am starting to have issues leaning on Babs because I am not healed and expecting her to do the emotional labor and physical labor while she is trying to survive cancer and be a mother and find herself is completely unfair.  You would think after two years I would understand this, but again and again, I seem to drop the ball and cause her worry.
	I am learning a new way to code at work.  I don’t understand it yet, but I am trying.  Furthermore, I will need to look at the documentation and figure out how it works, and luckily, I have other teammates' code to lean on for understanding.  Furthermore, I really do enjoy learning more and more about coding and everything that goes into it.  It's like cooking because you are doing magic as you create new lines of code.  I have been enjoying all aspects of the job.  I do worry every day that I will soon be laid-off and left to rot on the street.  Furthermore, I know I am not the best or even good, but I am striving to get better and make changes in my work life.  Furthermore, I have to expand my knowledge and continue to grow, or I will be left behind by the team.  Furthermore, I no longer have the time to fool around or slack off.  
	It’s time for my self-assessment when it comes to the new anti-depression meds.  I can say that today was a little harder.  Hearing Babs' concern about my life and what needs to happen and what is lacking has hard to hear.  It was painful and pulled at my emotions as I listened to her concern about how I lived my life.  I know for a fact that I would never have car in the past and I would have blown off her concerns as being overdramatic.  I now know that being connected to my feeling and seeing how I lived my life has truly opened my eyes to what a waste of space I was.  These new meds allow me to think and feel, and I am starting to think outside myself.  I still have worksheets to finishes and books to read.  I have to continue growing and learning from my mistakes and working to fix my left and everything that is wrong.  Furthermore, I can no longer bury my head in the sand because I was depressed and unmedicated.  
	Furthermore, I have been wondering for a while now what is wrong with me that I keep hurting people I care about.  Furthermore, I live my life very foolishly, and I don’t know why I do it.  You would think that a person would stop making the same mistakes over and over again, but sadly, I don’t.  I worry a lot about my future now and what it will hold.  I worry each day that I am failing at basic tasks and overworking and stressing myself out because I have not gotten my life in order. However, this is just a small worry that I have, and I am not sure what to do next.  I was so happy yesterday as I spent the day with Babs and enjoyed life.  I was moved and overjoyed that she came on the walk with me and made love to me as well.  Furthermore, I want to believe that I am her person, but at the end of the day, I seem to be her drug.  Furthermore, I don’t bring much to her life.  Furthermore, I only bring stress and heartache.  Furthermore, I don’t want to be just another footnote in her life.  Furthermore, I don’t want to be the person that leaves her with trauma and pain. Furthermore, I have to stop making the same mistakes over and over again because each time I just bring up more pain.
	Furthermore, I should talk about something good in my life. Furthermore, I can’t always feel down and sad right now.  Furthermore, I have money saved, and my health has vastly improved.  Last year, I was 250 pounds, and I was pushing back up to 260. I am now 180 and my mental health is being worked on.  I still have my job, and I have not lost my house.  Furthermore, I have been pushing to change and can see the difference.  Furthermore, I am not the man I was even 6 months ago.  Furthermore, I will not become complacent which is very easy to do since healing is damn hard.  Furthermore, I will not backslide.  Furthermore, I will continue to grow and heal.

February 28, 2025
15th entry
Derek Thompson



I don’t know why I have such a hard time communicating with Babs.  I feel like I am in school and I can’t figure out the assignment when I talk with her.  Furthermore, I know it doesn’t make sense, and it should not be so damn hard but there are times that I feel like I am talking with a hostile queen who is looking to smite me if I do anything wrong.  It’s crazy because she just wants to understand me and communicate, and I fail to reach her all the time.  I want to make her happy and I just seem to be making her sad and frustrated at every turn.
	One would think I would know how to be a good person and communicate. I have spent my whole life talking and making people smile, and I find that in this I keep failing over and over again.  I am not a fool and I know what I am doing wrong, but I just keep failing to connect with Babs on a regular basis.
	Furthermore, I worked from home today and I feel at ease and at peace.

	March 3, 2025
16th entry
Derek Thompson

I feel off today. I wish that Lou had not told me I was improving and that he plans to have metrics for my continued improvement while at the same time telling me that I will not be getting a raise this year.  Furthermore, I understand why this is happening, and I don’t have much of a ground to walk on, but damn it hurts seeing all the mistakes I made come home to roost.  Furthermore, I have worked hard to turn my life around over the last 6 months, and I do see where my life is better and how much it has improved, but damn it hurts.  Furthermore, I am drowning in debt and I need help. Furthermore, I am barely making it now and to have a year when I don’t get a raise is even worse.  
	Furthermore, I am at a loss for how to see my life get better sometimes.  Furthermore, I have to keep striving and keep improving, but for the first time, I feel broken, and I don’t want to go on.  My face looks like a hot mess from the scaling that is going on.  I hurt on a daily basis, and my life is a fucking train wreak.  I hate myself so damn much, but I have to get going I have to strive for something better because if not I think I might check out one day.  Furthermore, I have yet to go a week without making Babies cry.  Furthermore, I have yet to go a week without making some kind of mistake and all I want is to rest to enjoy life instead of just surviving it.  Furthermore, I can’t even complain too much.  Babs is surviving cancer and starting her life over and here I am crying because I was a shit human being.  However, I am tired and just want a moment damn it.
	I can feel again I can remember all the emotions that I suppressed, and I am drowning someday in it.  I even miss some days the lack of emotions, but now I can’t hide from them, and again it's just one more thing that is crushing me.  Furthermore, I need to stop being a whinny brat and except that I have fuck up and this is the price I am paying for that.
	Furthermore, I will do my best because I have to if I want to make it.  Furthermore, I will continue to strive because if I don’t, I fall.  Furthermore, I must change, I must grow, I must be the man that I should have been my whole life.  Furthermore, I will never fall back like I did again.  Furthermore, I will make mistakes and I will grow from them. Furthermore, I will absorb everything I can. Furthermore, I will become the man that I should have been, and I will not be a fool again I will not be an abuser again.  Furthermore, I will become a decent human being, or I will die trying.

March 4, 2025
17th entry
Derek Thompson

Over and over again the same shift on different days.  I am tired, and I just want a moment of peace.  I feel like each day it's something new.  How do we change or grow?  I feel like I am being crushed by a new box.  Work, life, my soul is being pressed into a new box and there is no way out.  I just want to breathe. I just want to find joy dammit.  It was not supposed to be this way.  I hate all of this. I hate me. Furthermore, I hate life.  Furthermore, I just want something that will ease the pain.  
Furthermore, I don't get a moment of peace, I just feel so lost and tired.  You would think I could finally be the person I was meant to be instead of the same stupid flaws and the same stupid problems.  I will talk with my therapist today and nothing will change because I am fucking broken.  I hurt everyone In my life and nothing I say or do will change that I am a goddamn cancer and I need to be removed before I hurt more people.  Furthermore, I am leech.  
There is no crying that will make it better, so I will need to just fucking deal.


March 6, 2025
18th entry
Derek Thompson

I had a strange dream last night that I still remember.  I was in an office building and was in an empty room when a woman or least I thought she was a woman came In.  Furthermore, I was speaking with them and we were getting along.  Furthermore, I think we meet in the room on many occasions and we talked.  Then one day we just started fucking.  This was not a romantic moment it was wild and primal.  Then in the dream I saw that person had both genitals, and it didn't stop me. All I knew was that I need to fuck.  I woke up feeling horny and confused.  I don't think the dream meant anything, but it was strange.

It's been a quiet day so far nothing to really speak about.  So, I am just going to write today.  I have been feeling lost lately, and I think it's because as move away from whom I was and grow into this new person I am lost as to who that will be. I have hopes and dream just like anyone but I don't know how to get there anymore.  Furthermore, I have been feeling distracted and disconnected, and I don't know what to do.  Furthermore, I am not even sure what is wrong with me, I just know I am confused.  Furthermore, I am not sad or.depressed. I just fill empty but at the same time I am waiting for something to fill and change me.

I look around, and I want to see something different.  I see the same thing every day and want more I need more, but sadly I am not ready to get it yet.  Furthermore, I hope and pray that my world will. E different that the changes I have made in my life will bear fruit.  I think sadly I am going to die alone and will not be horned.  I wonder some days why I never had children.  Furthermore, I wanted them but it never worked out.  Furthermore, I will die and no one will carry on my genes.  My mother and fathers line comes to an absolute end.  In space and time I will sadly not make a mark and this bothers me someday.  I have come to understand that it's just the way the world shakes out.  

I am scared for the future of our nation. I don't believe we will die in fire I believe we will sadly turn backwards because we are to. Scared to. Change and the past brings peace because we all know how to respond.

March 9, 2025
19th entry
Derek Thompson


I am sitting in bed relaxing and waiting for Babs to wake up and join me again.  I had a good day yesterday, and I am shocked by how happy I am. This seems to be happening more and more as of late.  I have been healing and working on myself, and I am starting to see improvements.  I know I still have a long way to go, and I know that it will be a lifelong journey, but I am happy that I am finally starting to feel healed.

Furthermore, I have made it through another day.  This weekend was hard, and I wish I could make better choices.  I seem to be always making the wrong choice and failing to meet expectations. You would think that after all this time I would start making smarter decisions but no I am still fucking up.  This week Babs has decided to stay at her apartment.  I wish it was because she needed a break, but again I have let her down.
March 10, 2025
20th entry
Derek Thompson

I am tired. Each week I wait for my new mistake to happen.  Each day I count the mins until I fail to rise to the occasion.  I am so tired of being me.  I want to see my world change and be a better person, but sadly I keep failing to meet the basics requirements.  Furthermore, I will talk with my therapist tomorrow and we will discuss again my failings. Furthermore, I can even see the changes in my life but oh it hurts, and I hate that I am me right now.  Furthermore, I want to just sleep and wake up changed and healed.  

I want to talk about the good things in life but at the moment I can't seem to find anything.  All I have seems to be broken or mad at me. It hurts to be awake most days now.  I just want the world to fade away.  I don't feel depressed I am just so done and tired.  Furthermore, I need something to.change.  Furthermore, I can't keep doing this over and over again.  Furthermore, I tired of hurting and waiting to be hurt.  Furthermore, I am tired of me.

March 11, 2025
21st entry
Derek Thompson


I plan to talk about my past today and the type of person I was growing up.  I think it's time I took a hard look at who I used to be.  Furthermore, I have been avoiding looking at my past and the pain I caused as a child.  Furthermore, I have been avoiding thinking about the hard fact that I was not a good person and I left scar on people's lives.  
Babs brought up that I will. Have to be ready to deal with the fact that my father might be at the root cause of a lot of my issues.  I don't think this is true.  I think that I refused to try and took the easy path my whole life.  Furthermore, I am living with the hard truth that I was and am a bad person.  Furthermore, I know I am trying to change and grow, but I need to except that I failed myself over and over again.
Furthermore, I am so. Damn co concerned for our nation.  Furthermore, I watch as the hate keeps rising, and we lose touch with people.  You can feel the hate everywhere.  

I have so much work to do and to get right.  I can't seem to find the time for anything and I want to be free.  Furthermore, I want to have the time I deserve, but I have so much work to repair.  Furthermore, I am not sure if I will ever dig out of this hole before I am too old to enjoy it.  Furthermore, I worry that by the time I set my life right I will be just in time to dye of old age.

Furthermore, I miss my dreams.  Furthermore, I used to. Dream all the time, but now I can't seem to hold on to them.  Furthermore, I miss being free and alive in them.  Furthermore, I am not even fill rested anymore.  Furthermore, I just wake up and start My day.  Furthermore, I miss feeling alive in the dreams.

March 12, 2025
22nd entry
Derek Thompson

I will be working on a plan to track my lies and how frequently I tell them.  I have learned through talking with my therapist and my partner that refusing to change does not affect anything.  Furthermore, I am enabling my behavior because I am doing nothing to fix it.  Furthermore, I must put in as much effort to save my job and not putting in the effort is just a lack of me trying when I have the resources.  

I called Babs today at lunch and it was nice chat. We talked about our day and efforts to improve my life and bad habits.  It was a good feeling but at the same time I wish conversations didn't feel like I was reporting in.  I feel like I need to write out 5 things I achieved this week. It's been a while since I felt like talking about nothing.  I guess this will be my life for a while as I fix the damage I have caused.

When a person looks in the mirror they should be happy with what they see.  I don't feel happy right now.  I think I am looking a broken fool.  Furthermore, I understand my flaws and the pain I caused.  Furthermore, I understand that I am reaping what sowed in the world. Furthermore, I don't get to feel happy while I have a backlog of people I have hurt.

When I get home I will need to take Max for a walk.  I then need to work on modules and make something dinner.  I will sit with Babs, and we will talk and work out again what is wrong with our relationship.  Furthermore, I will be told all my flaws again in one breath while at the same time I will be told I am making progress.  The whip Lash will get to me but what can I do.  I have to endure because I caused this mess.  I am tired of being told how much I lack and what I failed at.  Furthermore, I would love a day that was good without it being ripped apart by Babs saying she held back.  It sours everything and lives me feeling raw.

I wish I was not me.


March 16, 2025
23rd entry
Derek Thompson

I have been wondering for some time now how our world is going to look after I have died.  It will keep on moving, and people will, of course, be born and die.  I know that I am not some special snowflake, but I would like to be remembered for who I am and not just disappear into history as some forgotten person.  It has always bothered me that humans live for so short of time, and we rush to try to have any semblance of adventure and mystery.  I am scared of dying; the very thought of not being alive has left me numb with fear.  I don’t want to forget my life. Furthermore, I don’t want to fall away into oblivion and nothingness.  

The mind is strange and wonderful. When life is conceived, we watch as billions of cells are created and life is born.  I have seen the moment when someone dials in or becomes aware that they exist.  You can see it in their eyes, and it's fascinating to see.  I sometimes wonder what it looked like when I became aware of my world and started asking questions.  I can remember what it was like as I learned something new and the joy I felt as I figured it out.  Furthermore, I don’t want to lose this feeling and fall into nothingness; I want to learn and grow forever.  Furthermore, I want to see what our world looks like when the sun expands.  Furthermore, I want to travel to other worlds, see distant planets, and explore what other dimensions look and feel like.  Furthermore, I want to see more than just my small slice of the universe and expand my horizons beyond the small bit of knowledge that I understand.

All that being said, I am sitting in a room writing in a journal and waiting for the person I love to come out and tell me what I have done wrong today.  I know it’s coming because we can’t go a weekend without me having made a mistake or screwing something up anymore.  I am waiting to hear how I didn’t think or failed in another aspect of our relationship, and it makes wanting to get up so hard.  Furthermore, I have to put in more effort and become a better person.  Furthermore, I am tired, but I don’t get to feel pity because I am the root cause of all my problems.  If I give in, all I am doing is repeating the failings of my life.  I want to be strong, and I want to be dependable, and that means doing the work.  Crying about your failures does not fix them; it just gives you a cheap way to pretend for a time that you don’t have to try.  I will overcome my flaws and be the man I know I can be.

March 17, 2025
24th entry
Derek Thompson

It has been a slow day and I would say very little has truly happened.  I woke up today and fed my pets and helped them get used to each other.  It was peaceful as they came out to eat and explore their environment. There was an incident where Max got super excited to see Star, and he trapped her in a corner.  We got really scared, but nothing was done, so we took Max outside to burn off energy by running back and forth in the backyard.  I waited about half an hour then took him for a short walk around the block with Babs, and came home.  It was a chilly day, but it was nice to be outside in the sun.  I am concerned about Bad’s eyes since she has become very sensitive to light.  

I was asked by my therapist to think about what I was lacking emotionally growing up.  I am not sure where to begin.  Furthermore, I know that my parents worked hard and tried the best they could to raise me and my brother.  Furthermore, I don’t believe that I suffered under them, or that was I lacking in much of anything.  Furthermore, I had the tools and environment to get by, and I can’t complain about that.  In all of that, I had to think about what I was lacking.


Family:
I never really grew up with my family around me.  My parents were at work most of the time, and when they got home they had to make sure the house was running.  My mom cooked, and my date would fix anything that had broken.  In that, we did not have a lot of time for just goofing around, and playing.  I would see my extended family rarely, and this sadly made it hard to get to know them.  As I got older I didn’t consider them an active part of my life.  I knew that I would see them on holidays and special events, but they did not come for my sporting events or school activities.  They didn’t come when I graduated, or when I was sick. I never really felt that I could count on them for no fault of their own. I care about them, but they are not a strong focus in my life.  Furthermore, I will state that I have been trying to build up my relationship with my brother and my mother.  Furthermore, I have been putting up walls between us for a long time, and I am working to bring them down.

Skills:
There are life skills that people should learn, and I sadly didn’t get them growing up.  I never learned how to work on a car or make basic repairs to my home.  I was never really taught what to do with money or how to interact with people.  Furthermore, I even learned how to ride a bike on my own.  As I have gotten older I can feel the lack of these basic skills and at 45 years of age, I am ashamed that I have not put the effort into learning these basic life skills.  I have started working to fix this, but it's a very slow process and I sadly make it hard for those around me since they have to take time and effort to show me the skills I am lacking.


Emotionally bonding:
I never got emotional bonding growing up.  I got hugs and was told that I was doing well, but I didn’t get to connect with those around me.  When I was a child I was often dismissed or told to play outside.  I was told that crying was a waste of time, and anger was a sign of a weak person.  I didn’t get to express myself beyond having a few items that I bought.  Furthermore, I was molded into a person who went to work and didn’t cause problems.  Furthermore, I was told to be glad for what I had because at any moment it could all be stripped from me.  Furthermore, I didn’t feel I could express myself until I moved out and got my apartment.  

Feeling safe:
I have never felt safe around people.  I made a lot of mistakes growing up, and I was slow to learn and adapt to change.  I was full of energy and curiosity, and this led to me getting yelled at and spanked growing up.  After a while, I bottled up my feelings and just stopped trying to express or give my own opinion on anything.  I was always waiting for the shoe to drop or for my life to get worse.  I absolutely know that I am responsible for my actions and anything that comes from them.  Furthermore, I would have liked to trust someone.  Furthermore, I would have liked to feel safe in someone's arms without feeling like I was a burden to them.

Being a child

I never got to be a child growing up.  I got to play and even have fun with my friends, but every interaction was colored by how the world was trying to hurt me or break me down.  Every lesson was an about how as black men and African Americans we would never be treated fairly or with kindness or understanding.  I worked at a young age and even help out paying rent or giving my time.  When I didn’t help I was seen as a slacker or someone who didn’t value my family.

March 18, 2025
25th entry
Derek Thompson
I was uneasy today, and it bothered me how I felt today.  I woke up today after over sleeping and I just felt like such a failure.  I didn’t do anything wrong, and it was not an issue for anyone but myself, but I just felt like such a useless fool today.  As I was working on my code and making changes to it, I felt a tightness in my chest and a fear that once again I was falling behind and making mistakes.  Babs at no point blamed me or even said I did anything wrong, but I just couldn’t get over the feeling that I can’t be strong or dependable for her.  I am scared that I won’t ever be able to break out of the cycle of feeling like a useless failure.

I am sitting in Amours Children's Hospital waiting for L to finish his appointment and I look around at the children and there is a part of me that wishes that I could have been a father.  Furthermore, I often wonder why I was never able to have kids with someone to be a husband and true lover.  Furthermore, I know I have a lot of flaws and that sadly I am not suited to being a parent but on someday I feel this is not true and that I would have made a wonderful father.  Furthermore, I guess I will never know and when me and Eric pass into history so too will any hope for my line to continue.  Furthermore, I have finally come to terms with the fact that the universe did not want me to produce and while it hurts I do understand.

Furthermore, I don’t know how to relax anymore and It's starting to get to me.  Furthermore, I feel I need to be on every day, and I can’t seem to turn off.  Furthermore, I believe this is because I have so much to make up for but at the same time I feel like I am starting to fray at the edges.  However, when I have so much to fix and make right how can I be anything other than on. I must heal and grow, and I am so behind 45 years old, and I have yet to make the right decision in life.  I can now see how my lack of effort and just the lack of being decent has crippled me and it's my own doing.  

I am starting to hate the meds I am on right now because I can feel again, and I can see the world again and all I see is an ocean of mistakes.  I don’t remember the last time I felt like I did something good or right anymore.  Each step I have taken in the last 2 months has left me feeling like I'm getting closer to the line of being a human being.  I have so much work to being a good person and I worry that I will not get there before I die.
March 20, 2025
26th entry
Derek Thompson

I have paid my taxes which is wonderful and amazing.  They will likely take my refund again since I owe back takes, so I can’t feel bad about that.  However, this is the 3rd year I have paid them again without issue.  I have been working hard to get back on track and fix my issues with money.  It was a long road and I had only just begun to walk it.  I can see my savings growing everywhere but for the first time, I feel secure knowing that I can change and make better choices.  I have been looking back on my life a lot more, and I can see that I have made so many mistakes.  Furthermore, I did good things and I know I have not always been bad or fool.  Furthermore, I think in the last few years I have hit a very low and dark point in my life, and I am finally getting back on my feet.  A good example was that after months of Babs talking to me about my car I finally started looking at what was wrong with it.  I didn’t want to see it because it was too much of a pain to fix.  However, today I did fix something basic on the car and I feel good about that.  

Work was not as productive as it could have been.  I have a new assignment, and I feel good about it, I have questions to ask and then a flow chart to create for the work the test will do.  I will speak with Anthony and Richie tomorrow and see if I can’t glean some insights about the test.  

I took Max for a walk today and I felt at ease while out. I was cold and my ear hurt, but I was at ease.  Furthermore, I listened to the wondering inn and just relaxed into the walk.  Furthermore, I was just enjoying the outdoors and everything that went with it.  The sounds the smells and the people all made it a wonderful walk.  I could feel my mind relaxing, and I was settling into a sense of peace.  I wish I could have more days like this.

Yesterday I was scared and angry at the news that is happening in our country.  I keep hoping that wiser heads will prevail and that we can see the direction the nation is going.  I hate seeing the hate that we as Americans have started returning to.  Furthermore, I see bigotry and sexism returning, and it is like a damn broke and people want to reach out and be evil again.  Furthermore, I think we push these people down and told them to change and while I think it was the right course of action we are seeing the blowback.  White men are angry and pissed off because they are no longer the center of the world.  They hate that their lives are a joke, and they are lashing out.  They want it to be someone else fault, and I am scared that they will hurt so many people as the world leaves them behind.  I am so angry that I don’t know how to effect my world.  I wish I had money or so way to make a damn difference.  Furthermore, I don’t want to just keep explaining to people I want to have the voice and power to make a damn difference. 

Furthermore, I just found out what Matter when to jail for and it was having sex with minor.  Furthermore, I don’t know what to do with this information.  All these years and I didn’t know I didn’t even think to ask.  I made up a story in my mind that it was stealing for being in a fight.  I now know it was for far worse it was for hurt a god-damn minor. How did I not want to know this was I, so damn week was I such a simple follower that I was ok not know.  I know the answer is yes to both but I will away have to understand that instead of standing up and being a better person I will forever know that I help a man who assaulted a god-damn minor.

March 21, 2025
27th entry
Derek Thompson
Today I woke up and it felt so good. I fed the animals and made bad coffee.  I was so happy to feel at ease with my partner again.  We just talk about our day and relaxed in each other presence.  I am overwhelmed that we are starting to find each other after so long hurting each other. Also, today Babs informed me that she didn’t think looking at my tracking of lies was a good idea.  She explained that the idea would hinder me and that I should instead be honest with myself.  After thinking about it, I believe she is written, and I will remove her access to the document. I do believe I will talk to my therapist about the doc and let him see what I am working on.  It was a hard talk, but I need to start talking to my therapist about healing my relationship. I don’t just mean myself but steps to become a good partner and human being.  If I don’t, I think I will heal at the cost of this relationship and that I not what I am trying to do.  I took it easy today I was feeling a sense of burning out again.  I made notes and tested my code I wanted to be sure before I pushed anything up, and I am glad I did.  Furthermore, I was able to speak up and make sure I made corrections, and I was able to defend my answers.  Furthermore, I have to remember that I am one step away from being let go at all times, and that in no way do I get to relax and become lazy.

Furthermore, I know I have been hard on myself and I do believe I will continue to be so.  If I am not, I believe that sadly I will back slide, and I am already so behind I don’t have the energy to return to who I was.  This means that I will continue to call myself out and work to fix my issues.  I will need to continue to work on myself at all times and except that I am a bad person and worse someone who condoned horrible acts.  I choose to turn a blind eye to the evils around me and I will have to learn to live with that without pushing it down or rewriting history with lies.

Furthermore, I have been seeing a trend in our countries history and I don’t like it.  Furthermore, I think the problem is that as the country expanded and grew what it meant to be a white man changed.  Their ranks have expanded and with it comes a strange unified front.  Each belief that tomorrow they will be back on top and that they can go back to a time when being white and male was enough and sadly this will still not be true.  When they figured this out I worry about everyone around them.  They will hate the world and themselves and will lash out.  I believe a lot of people will be hurt before we get past this, and I am scared that we won’t that the fall will be so bad that there will be no coming back from it.  I can even see the lines being drawn in the sand.  Furthermore, I want to do write I do not want to go down in history as someone who choice to turn a blind eye to the struggle before me.  

My brother has DUI and 2 of them at that.  I never knew this and worse he never felt like he could talk to me about that.  I sadly will need to hold on to that and make sure that we are better and healed, but I am sad that in the end I am just one more sad person that did not help him when he needed it and I should have been there.  Furthermore, I should have stood by him while he needed help, and sadly I only thought of myself and what I needed.  Furthermore, I was 32, and I was depressed but at the same time I was being a shitting person and refusing to grow.  Furthermore, I took the bad habits of my childhood and my 20s and just refined them.  Furthermore, I will do better about being there for my brother and mother.  Furthermore, I will just be there for those I love and step outside myself finally.  We only have a small window in life and I would like to try and be someone who leaves the world better than when I found it.

March 22, 2025
28th entry
Derek Thompson
I am starting to find the rhythm again, and I can see that this will be the case for a long time.  I can see the ups and downs and I will be here for a very long time and there is nothing I can do about it.  I made this bed and I will need to be ok with it for very long time.  Furthermore, I was told again that I didn’t plan enough and that is true, and I failed again to put something together for us as a couple again true.  Furthermore, I saw the conversation coming, and I just felt like I was drowning in a wave.  Seeing all the pain and sadness coming and know that I am the root cause was crushing and again how can I be mad when I am the root cause.

I don’t have the right to feel this way but for a moment I am going to vent.  I am so damn tired all the fucking time.  My damn soul feel ripped apart, and I just want to scream and cry all the time now.  Every day, I have to be on guard and I never feel relax anymore.  I wake up and all I think about is what have I done wrong.  I move about my day and I all want to do is stay silent because every one of my actions just leads to pain and more disappointment.  Furthermore, I just want it to be quiet for a time I just need a moment where I can’t let anyone down.  Furthermore, I am so tired of being one more useless person.  Furthermore, I just need all the noise of life to stop for a goddamn moment.  Furthermore, I just don’t believe in myself anymore.  Furthermore, I know tomorrow it will be one more mistake one more crushing defeat, and it won’t matter.  Furthermore, I don’t matter.  Furthermore, I hate these meds because I can’t shut down any more I can’t just push the pain down I have to live it every moment, and I am not ready for this.  Furthermore, I am aware and worse it comes with the knowledge that in the ends all I will be doing is making up for the pain I have cause.  Furthermore, I can never go back to being a good person I must until the end of my days just be one more shit male that hurt everyone around him. Furthermore, I am so tired.  

The wind blows like the passing of an age.
Spinning and moving with elemental rage.
I close my eyes and whisper each night.
When will the pain end and I see the light.
I have made this kingdom where I rule.
I have become an ass and silly mule.
Each day I lie and become a fool.
Every word and deed makes me a tool.

I am running out of time and I know it.  If I don’t change if I down heal soon I will watch as my world crumbles around me.  The only thing holding us together is drugs and the fact that Bad’s heart is so big.  I know that I will have to wake up from this never ending pain trip, but I know the moment the drugs run dry she will leave my life for good.  I don’t bring her joy anymore all I bring is pain.  Furthermore, I am the knife that cuts the soul and I only deserve pain.  Furthermore, I am tired.  Furthermore, I must heal but I am tired.  Furthermore, I just want to close my eyes and just have it end.  Furthermore, I am tired.  

I don’t know how people do it someday.  I know that life has its moments and that as people we must spend each day bring and reaching for a better tomorrow.  Furthermore, I feel like I move thought shards of ice and glass.  Each step is painful, and each day reminds me that I must do it again.  I just want the pain to stop, and I am so scared because I can’t seem to stop.  I just need a day when I don’t mess up, and I am so tired, and I feel so alone which is dumb because if I were to walk down the hall I know that I would have support and love.  Furthermore, I am a fool and I just want it to stop, but I am not man enough to make the change happen.  Furthermore, I need help I am so lonely, and I am drowning each day. Furthermore, I am hurting each day and I just want a moment where it stops.  Furthermore, I wish faith mattered I wish I could call on a higher power to come down and help me.  Furthermore, I sadly know that its irrelevant.  If there are Devine beings it doesn’t matter because they would not care or even see something as small and a life and the universe.  I am alone, and I have to heal or all I am is one more weak sad male who is begging the world to pick up his life and make him whole.

March 23, 2025
29th entry
Derek Thompson
I took a nap today and I am perfect.  I was only supposed to sleet for 2 hours, but I think I slept for nearly 3 plus hours. I lost track of the day and I don’t feel bad or like I have done something wrong I just feel rested.  Furthermore, I have been on edge for a while, and it was nice to relax and just rest.  It's nice to wake up to the sun and not feel cold.  I have to go to work tomorrow and when I wake up the feeling of failure will be back.  I have been trying my best to set it aside, but I do hate the feeling.  Furthermore, I have been working to make my world better, and I believe that I have made progress on that, but it doesn’t change the face that I have fuck up, and I am force to expect the fact that people will judge me on those actions and it's only fair.  Furthermore, I can see it in my bosses eyes and when I turn in work.  Furthermore, I can sadly see it in my partner eyes when I do anything.  It will be a long slow process to fix my behavior, and it will no longer be tolerated to be my old self.  Not by me not by partner and not by my friends when I find new ones.

I was asked about my feeling today and if I was bottling them up again.  I have been thinking about that and I don’t think as much, but I was not talking about them, but I was feeling them.  Furthermore, I have been feeling happy and excited about my day most times.  Furthermore, I feel this way because I can feel I can understand and be here at the moment.  Furthermore, I am no longer walking through a cloud of silence and deadening feelings.  Furthermore, I wake up each day know it will be different from the last, and it makes me wonder and hope.  Furthermore, I wake up and hope for something better, and I reach for it because I know I can try, and I know that it will be different, On the bad days I feel that too.  Furthermore, I feel anger and sadness and all the emotions in-between, and I want them because it's not a fog anymore but a well spring of feelings.  Furthermore, I am learning how to cope with them, and I am learning that the world doesn't have to be just a gray blob.

March 24, 2025
30th entry
Derek Thompson
I am back in the office today and a project that I was working on has been removed, and I now have a completely different project that I am working on.  I was a little annoyed that the project was removed and I have this new assignment.  I understand why it happened, but it was still a pain, and I am not happy about it.  Going back into the office was like putting back on an old shirt and I can honestly say I didn’t want to do it.  I want to stay at home and work and feel safe, but sadly I know if I stay at home I will fail to meet my boss exceptions and I will get fired.  I know I am just one step away from being let go, and I will not lie I am feeling rung out.  Furthermore, I miss the days that work was new, and I got to experience something amazing every day.  Furthermore, I miss unlocking code and finding new ways to use it. Each day falls into the last now, and I am just a simple cog in the machine.  I don’t feel the passion to go anymore, and I don’t feel excited.  I just do what I have to so that I can pay my bill and not starve on the street.  

I lied about shopping at goodwill for a suite.  I have bought them before, and I am not sure why I said I didn’t.  If I am being honest I just wasn’t thinking about it and I have not bought a suit in a number of years from goodwill.  I think I meant to say I have not bought a suit in a while and I no longer know home much they cost.  I should have said that, but now I have to live with the fact that I lied again and work on that.  Furthermore, I put it in my lie journal.  Furthermore, I need to learn what is broken inside of me that make me lie so much and so freely.  Furthermore, I am confused because I should not lie so damn much, but I do, and it doesn’t make sense to me anymore.  

I am starting to feel the pressure of being in so much dept all the time.  I am working my way out of it, but I hate how much I am under each day.  Furthermore, I have 5 years before I will finally be out from under it and worse I can’t even be sure I will have a job by the time I am done.  Furthermore, I work each day and can barely see any movement in the debt.  Furthermore, I know I am improving but its so damn slow.  Furthermore, I feel trapped and I hate it. Worse still I feel like I am paying into an evil system and I can’t so anything about it.  I want it to matter, but I know that it doesn’t and that is a pain that I have to leave with.

Drugs and sex soon we will be stopping all drugs, and I am so worried that we are not going to survive it.  Babs needs to stop for school and once she do, I believe she is going to leave me.  I think the drugs are the only thing that is keeping her in the relationship because I do not bring anything to the table that she can’t do for herself.  I am a weight around her neck and I know she will see it once the drugs are gone.  Furthermore, I do not add anything to her life but pain and suffering.  Furthermore, I have been waiting for the day that she relieves that she can do so much better than me and I won’t see her again.  Furthermore, I am making improvements to my life and when that day comes I will be ready and I all do my best to handle it with the maturity that I should have lived my life with.  

I am so tired. 
March 26, 2025
31st entry
Derek Thompson

One more day down and I am heading home.  Work was not bad I have been having a good streak at work lately, and I am enjoying this moment of relative peace.  I have a good framework for my test and I can start doing destructive testing tomorrow.  I will likely be keeping the AI function of my PyCharm its really starting to help out a bunch in my coding.  Furthermore, I can see how when you know what you want it's a very useful tool.  Furthermore, I will say that I have been feeling uncomfortable at work this week. Babs believes I need to shake off the time I spend at home.  I hope that is the case.

I am failing to reach Babs again and it hurts.  She told me today her needs for communication are not being met and that I sound like I am reporting in when I text instead of just having a conversation with her.  She is right when I try and talk with her, I feel like I am walking through a land minefield of every mistake I have made.  When I talk I know something will come up that I need to improve or that I failed at.  It’s in m head, but when I look into her eyes all I see is the disappointment I have caused her and the pain I have inflicted.  I know she doesn’t feel that way and it's all in my head, but I can’t shake it anymore.  I wake up, and I am just waiting for what I didn’t wrong.  It’s compounded by the fact that I feel the same way about work.  

Oh, shit I just realized I am not depressed I am just unhappy with my life right now.  I have made so many mistake and left things to fester, and now I am just sad.  It's the results of all my choices and while I am fixing them I am just sad.  You would think I would have figure that out, but I know what depression feels like, but I have forgotten what feeling sad and defeated feels like when it's not connected to my depression.  

My dreams have not come back, and I really miss them and the escape they provided.  I miss all the places and ideas I had, and they are gone now.  I wake up, and I can’t remember them anymore, and I miss and need them.  Babs asked me what I am doing for myself and I now can say nothing and I don’t want to do anything anymore.  I'm trying to go a week without making her sad or disappointing her and I have yet to pull it off.  I can see when I make her sad, I can see when I fail to meet her needs, but I miss her being happy I miss her feeling safe with me and trusting me.  Furthermore, I miss feeling secure with her and safe now it’s just me looking at her and hoping I don’t hurt her in the next minute.  

I hate time I don’t get it, and it hates me so damn much.  I can feel it slipping away every moment and I can do nothing about it.  Furthermore, I wish my mind work with more details and I could work inside the framework.  Each day I try to plan something to understand, and it all just fade from me.  I think my mind is started to go as well.  I don’t remember details like I used to, and I forget whole conversions I have had with Babs, and I am scared about it.  She tells me that we have discuss all kinds of things and I don’t remember them.  I know I have forgotten and pushed things to the side but when I don’t remember the whole conversation I freak out inside.  

I missed having faith I missed believe in something, but now I know it doesn’t matter, and it makes each day harder.  I know that people have all kinds of problems and in comparison my shit is minor, but I missed the feeling of something watching over you helping you along.  Its gone now all I have is myself, and I am not enough.  I am lonely and note nought.  I am brief moment in time and I will be scoured away to dust and I will be an remember blip.

Furthermore, I wish my therapist didn’t ask about me wanted to have children.  Furthermore, I did want kids I did want to be a father I wanted to see myself in the eyes of someone I wanted to be a part of the joy of creating life.  Sadly the world had different plans and the way I lived my life ruined any hope of me ever doing that.  I and push it aside, and I can normally be content with the idea that I was not good enough to have children.  I was not a decentest enough man that someone wanted to have that kind of life with me.  Furthermore, I hate that I am so unless and without worth.  

Well the ride is almost over, and I am pulling into Clayton guess it's time for me go.  

I am so tired and I feel so defeated.  

March 27, 2025
32nd entry
Derek Thompson
It was a good day today.  I woke up and felt good and rested.  I felt bad that Babs didn’t get enough sleep, and it worries me that she can’t feel relaxed yet in my home, but it makes sense that she is not comfortable there yet with everything that has happened.  Furthermore, I was at work today, and it didn’t feel weird or out of place and I just worked.  Furthermore, I even got to step outside and see the sun for a bit.  It feels nice to have a good day.

I have work to do when I get home.  I need to feed the animals and work on my lesson plans.  Furthermore, I need to take Max for a walk and eat as well.  It's becoming the new habit and its working for me, but I don’t really feel satisfied anymore.  I don’t know what I want anymore.  I pushed aside so much toxic and I still have a ways to go, but as I step away from all the negative and foulness that I caused, and I let happen with inaction I am starting to find that I don’t know who I am anymore.  What do I like what don’t I like?  I don’t feel the weigh of bad deeds anymore or at least I don’t feel like I am causing bad deeds anymore on purpose.  I know I still have a ways to go before I can even pretend to believe I am a better person.  

I wish I understood what my hang-up with lying was all about.  I wish I could tell the truth and I wish that I could be upfront with people.  Furthermore, I don’t know why its such a struggle for me.  Furthermore, I do know that I have been lying since I was a kid. It has never really worked for me and I find that I get in trouble more for it, but I still do it.  Why, I know it makes everything worse, but I still do it.  I have been in therapy for months now, and I still don’t feel close to answer.  I don’t feel like I am close to a break though.  Furthermore, I do know that lies are telling me apart, and I need to fix it.

Furthermore, I miss when things made sense to me.  Well, the best foot forward.

March 28, 2025
33rd entry
Derek Thompson
I just got good news about my medical history I don’t have any genetic issue that would make me more likely to get cancer which is wonderful.  I still have a family history and I will need to stay on top of it, but cancer is not any more likely.  It's a wonderful relief and I am super excited about it.  I am scared of cancer and I do not want to have to fight it since many of the males in my family lose that fight.  

I have been wondering for a while now what I need to about myself and what I can keep.  I look at my life now as a shattered mirror with each shard being a small part of me.  The mirror can never be made whole again but something new could be created with time and effort and that is where I am right now in my life.  I am picking up each small piece trying to find what can be safe and used.  Reflecting on my life is hard because I have to finally see what I have done and make it right and in some cases that will never be possible.  It also means that even though I will never be forgiven or rewarded I must keep moving forward and improving my life. 

I was given a green light today for texting and I hope that I can keep up the good work.  You would be surprised how hard it is to just be silly during text.  In some cases I just want to relax or focus in on work, but when you love and partners asked for a little bit of effort to show you care then you step up and put in the damn work.  The smile she gave me today was more than worth it, and I am happy that she felt satisfied today.  I have to keep showing up I have to keep trying, and I will continue to do that because I love her and I want to see that smile on her face.
When I was in high school I was a monster.  I hated women and didn’t respect most people.  I was cruel with my words and deeds and I wrapped that in a smile and a joke.  When people stopped wanting to hang with me, I used that as a reason to keep being evil and cruel instead of looking inward and trying to make a change.  I have been thinking about it more and more, and I now know who I was and who I am.  I was not a hero.  Furthermore, I was not a support of the down rotten.  Furthermore, I was not a feminist.  Furthermore, I was not pro black.  Furthermore, I was just a selfish shit and I hurt everyone around me.  Furthermore, I really wish I could start over and become the person I wanted to be.  Furthermore, I will forever have to live with the people I hurt.  Furthermore, I will forever be the man that put women down for my own needs.  Furthermore, I will forever be the man who lied to get what he wanted when he wanted.  Furthermore, I am sorry for what I have done to people and I wish I could take it all back.  Furthermore, I wish I was stronger than, and I wish I was stronger now.

Furthermore, I think I will ask this question each day.
“Is this how I want to live my life?”
“Is this all I can be?”
“Who am I?”
“How will this make those I care about happy and bullied?”

I no longer believe in an all powerful god that can take the pain away.  However, I do know that I don’t understand anything, and I am weak, and I need help.  So, this is a prayer that goes out to the universe at large.  I am hurting and I no longer know how to make it right, and I don’t have the strength for handle it on my how.  I no longer want to be a burden on those who care about me and I don’t want to hurt anymore.  If you can help please help me the pain is become to much, and I feel so alone and afraid.

March 31, 2025
34th entry
Derek Thompson

I have been wondering for some time now what is a good way to change your life.  When you talk to people they tell you change comes with small corrections and over time.  This is not true people want change today, and they do not feel any patients with you while you are growing.  You are told that we all move at our own pace, but they cut you loose if you don’t move fast enough.  You never really have time to breath you must change and adopt.  I don’t reconcile who I am any more I am just a person trying to get by, and I have been cutting away the parts of me that are broken and just plan evil.  Yesterday I went to see a play called & Juliet, and it was wonderful the message was amazing, and I was on the edge of my seat the entire time.  The music moved me and the story was great.  What did get to me was something that Romeo said at the end of the play?  He called himself a touch.  I remember saying the same thing and with the same feeling.  When you realize that you have been a jerk and cruel it's a hard pill to take in and watching an actor put that feeling into words and display it was moving.  
I wish more people could be open-minded and see that the world can be wonderful no matter who you are.  I am worried about our future and a people and as a nation.  We sit here taking side and hating each other and I watch as those in power laugh at us and crush us down more.  They make promises of change and slap us in the face.  It's never going to stop and I hate it.  I hate having to look over my shoulder again and wonder if a group of fools is going to hurt me.  I hate that the children of this era are going to be spoon-fed this hate as well.  

April 1, 2025
35th entry
Derek Thompson
I don’t have much to talk about today and I think that is wonderful.  I feel good and relax, and I am happy again.  I woke up today in a wonderful mode and it's been going well all day and I can’t wait to head home and see Babs and the fur babies.  Furthermore, I feel alive today, and I can’t express how great that feels.  Furthermore, I finally feel good at work and I no longer feel like I have a sword over my neck ready to come down.  Furthermore, I feel alive and free.

April 2, 2025
36th entry
Derek Thompson

I fucking did it I put in the work, and I am back on track at work.  Oh, god, I thought I would be out on the street or working 3 jobs just to make ends meet.  I didn’t think I could do it I was so fucking lost and without Babs help I would have failed.  I know that I should take credit for the hard work that I have put in, but it's not the same.  Furthermore, I am a god-damn loser most of the time.  Furthermore, I spend my life blaming others for my misfortune and I don’t make any progress.  This was the first time in a long time that I put in the work and was rewarded for it.  I know that I am only back where I started, but this means the world to me and I can feel it in my soul.  

When I get home tonight I am going to cook a meal and eat it and just relax and enjoy my day.  I have the normal stuff to do when I get home but for the first time I don’t feel pressure.  

I don’t know what to do for fun anymore or who to talk to, and I will say this does make me sad.  I miss going out with friends and just being silly with them.  Furthermore, I can’t go back any more I was toxic and the people I hung with were bad as well. Furthermore, I need to start over and discover for myself a new path.  Furthermore, I have been working hard to be a better person and I think I am starting to see improvements in my life.  

I have set up talk therapy for next Monday and I will be staying home on those days.  It's time that I put in the work for my relationship like I did for my job.  I can’t let that slide anymore.  She has been kind and has put up with my bullshit, and she needs to see a man that can change and will change.  

A man can change.  This was the thought that passed through the mind of Lava as he left the house for work.  It was the new mantra he was using to get through the day.

April 4, 2025
37th entry
Derek Thompson

I have failed as a boyfriend again.  Last night Babs broke down her issues with me again and how I have not been showing up in our relationship.  It was a hard conversation and I feeling rake over the coal but everything she said was true and here I sit having to rethink my life again.  I thought I was moving in the right direction, but I was a fool to think that I should have known I would screw up again and that everything was moving to easy for it to be good for long.  I should have been more aware of her feelings and tried harder to meet those needs she has been begging for and saying I was feeling more at ease should have been a sign of trouble.  
So, it's time to go over my flaws and figure out what need to fixed.

I have a terrible sense of time.  
I don’t plan
I am not consistent 
I lack focus
I don’t communicate
I don’t open up
I lie
I am a cheater


There is no reason for being bad at time.  I must make a schedule and follow it.  I need to look for planning that work for me. Once I do that I need to stick to the plan and not stop just because it got hard, or I am feeling lazy.  I also need to speak up about my concern more often and address issue in the relationship.  When I stay silent it doesn’t help, and it just brings pain into our dynamic.  I need to not only stop lying I need to be truthful and since when I do something and talk.  I will never cheat again.

Furthermore, I feel like I am being torn apart on a deep level.  Furthermore, I now know that sometime during the week my failings will come back to me.  Furthermore, I need to stop thinking that anytime in the future I will be happy.  Furthermore, I don’t get to be happy right now.  Furthermore, I have failed to many people and I have hurt to many people. Furthermore, I am being reforged into a better person and I have to except for the time being this come with the hard lesson that I change everything about myself.  Furthermore, I do not have anything good in my life because everything in my life is tainted by my actions.  Furthermore, I should have known better. Furthermore, I should have been working to improve instead I just pretended things were getting better because no issue were brought up.  Last night Babs said relationships are work, and you have to show up every day.  On Monday I will be asking for advice on how to improve my relationship.

I must remember that I am a shit human being and pretending otherwise stops my growth and progress.  I have a lot of work to do before I become a decent person and thing any other way is just begging to be kick in the teeth by the truth.  

Never forget that you hurt women with your lies and unfaithfulness
Never forget that you turned you back on friends that need you
Never forget that you emotionally harmed and abused Babs and other people
Never forget that you are the villain of someone life.
Never forget that you should be held to account but have not been properly punished for being a shitty human being.

Finally remember until you completely rework yourself you don’t get a break, You don’t get to be forgiven, and you don’t get to pretend it didn’t happen.  

I must pay the cost for the pain I have caused.
I am so tired.

						 April 6, 2025
38th entry
Derek Thompson


IT was a fun day I spend time with Babs kids and Babs herself, and we played and talked.  It was wonderful to feel connected and happy.  I enjoy this day because we put aside our issue and come together and just enjoy the day.  I love the way they interact with each other, and I am so happy that they allow me to feel connected with them.  

I wish Babs tone didn’t bother me like it did, and I hate that even after all our conversation it makes me feel hurt when Is her it.  I know she doesn’t mean to be cruel but when I hear that tone it make me think I have done something dumb or foolish, and I want to curl up into a ball.  Furthermore, I am working on this but still it causes me pain and I wish it didn’t I wish I could talk to her about it, but she thinks I am trying to police her tone and in a way I am, but I just wish I could find the words to explain it without making the person that put her in box again.

Furthermore, I need to be truthful to myself more.  It is not wrong to be angry it is not wrong to be confused or afraid.  What is wrong is sitting and hiding or locking away feeling instead of working them out.  I have to be open and honest with the people I trust, and I need to stop being afraid to speak my mind.  It ok to have feelings again.  I can trust people again.  I can be free.

 						April 8, 2025
39th entry
Derek Thompson

It has been a good day so far.  Even in our moments of confusion I feel like I was able to break free and have a good day.  I walked into the office and I was confident that I knew what I needed to achieve today and I feel good about my life right now.  I have to work on my communication and how I express myself to people.  Furthermore, I have to be clear in what I am trying to do and work on being afraid to make mistakes.  This morning I was talking about scheduling with Babs, and I was being the process of lying.  She told me to stop, and I did, but the lie was there.  I need to work on that if I am confused or don’t know I need to be ok with saying that.  If I made a mistake I need to be ok with that and not afraid to tell Babs that.  I am being giving a second chance and I don’t want to mess it up.  The world is not kind right now, and I don’t want to be one more brick that is added to the issue of my life.  
I don’t remember my dreams any more I have talked about this before, and I am scared of this fact.  I was able to escape into my dreams and its gone now.  Furthermore, I don’t understand what happened, but I miss my dreams.

Furthermore, I have been baptizing about having sex with other people.  Furthermore, I don’t know why this is happening.  Furthermore, I don’t want to cheat, and I don’t want to find another partner.  It doesn’t happen often, but I have been noticing that I have been having sexual fantasies again.  I am not comfortable with this because my life is finally getting back on track and I don’t want to mess up anything.

I believe the next few coding modules are going to be hard work, and I am excited about it. The code is not complicated but learning about new software packages is cool.

 						April 9, 2025
40th entry
Derek Thompson
I have missed too much in this world because I refused to see what was going on around me.  I focus on what is in front of me and don’t worry about the rest of the world.  In the last few years I have been changing that, but I still run into the problem that I fail to see what is going on around me and that the world is hard.  War, social inequality and classism are just the tip of the problem.  I want to be a good person and I want to help.  I don’t know how to yet, but I do want to make the world better.  Furthermore, I hear people screaming what wrong with the world and yet nothing changes.  Furthermore, I have been healing, and I have changed but there is still so much damage to fix and make right.  Worse there are issues that I will never make right, and I have to live with that forever.  I lied and said I had affairs and abused women.  I even texted those women and said I had to stop having affairs.  What did I do to their lives what did I do that can never be made right?  Where they hurt of course they were hurt but did they suffer from partners.  One day I will have to answer for my crimes and evils.  

When I get home today I will continue the talk with Babs from this morning.  Am I good enough?  The answer is no I am not I am not good enough.  I am not good enough for anyone, and I need to remember that I am scum and my actions make me scum.  I don’t get to forget that I don’t get to pretend that I am a decent human being.  Furthermore, I must remember that till the day I die I will forever make up for the pain I have caused others.  One does not emotionally abuse there partner and lie and put out half trophies.  I am one more man that is the problem and I must not forget that. 

Work today was better, and I feel like I am finally a member of the team, and I am happy with the progress I have made.  I need to keep it up, and I can’t fall behind.  I must work to become a better person and a good employee.

 April 9, 2025
41st entry
Derek Thompson
I don’t have much to speak on today.  I have to thank Babs for waking me up looks like I didn’t set the alarm correctly last night.  Work was normal, and I didn’t have much issue with it.  I did get food at work today.  
I hope Babs daughter Llewellyn is happy she has such an amazing world view and I hope that the world doesn’t break her.  Furthermore, I want her to have everything she shoots for.

Furthermore, I hope I can be the man I need to be.

April 11, 2026
42nd entry
Derek Thompson 
I am on the train after working in the city. I got wrapped up in solving a problem and I think I am overthinking the answer.  Still I will continue working on the solution.  I like the path that I am on. I still make mistakes but I am growing.  Furthermore, I wish I could solve my lying Issue, but I will continue to work on it. Furthermore, I am getting better, but it's still a major problem.

Furthermore, I told Babs I would move with her and it felt good.  It felt right, and I am proud that I made her understand that I was with her.  I don't know where are lives will lead, but I hope she will keep me with her for as long as she will let me stay by her side.

I need to find new hobbies again. Furthermore, I broke from my past but I don't know what I like to do anymore.  Furthermore, I don't have friends that I hang out with.  Furthermore, I don't play games anymore.  Furthermore, I don't really do anything anymore.  It was important to make a hard clean break, but now I need to reconnect with people and myself beyond just healing.  What do I want to do for fun what do I want to experience?  

I worry that my sex game is getting weaker. I don't think I have been satisfying Babs anymore.  Furthermore, I might be over thinking it, but I don't see the same spark in her eyes when we make love or just fuck.  Furthermore, I need to read more and find ways to keep her interested. Furthermore, I Worry that I am becoming boring and stale.

Furthermore, I miss dreaming.  Furthermore, I miss relaxing, and I don't know how to relax anymore.  Furthermore, I am always on alert for when I mess up, and I just am afraid to stop and relax.

April 12, 2026
43rd entry
Derek Thompson 
I wish I understood the shifts in moods of my partner better.  I am not trying to pass blame but its hard some days to understand when I mess up.  I thought today would be a relaxing day, but I just feel on edge like I can’t get it right.  Furthermore, I want to make Babs happy I want to be a better partner and I can’t get it right.  Furthermore, I can’t go a weak without letting her down and I just want to be someone she can depend on.  Furthermore, I should have known better that I can’t get it right I am such a god-damn fool.

Furthermore, I can’t get it right

April 14, 2026
44th entry
Derek Thompson 
Yesterday was not good.  The trip that Babs planned didn’t go well, and she was out over 200 dollars for an event that the Kids didn’t seem to enjoy.  After driver for over an hour and only staying for about 2 hours we came home.  It broke Babs resolve worse still I let her down when she fell asleep, and I didn’t wake her up.  She woke up confused and upset because she didn’t know what was going on.  She had a panic attack, and I was not supportive of her during the incident.  Furthermore, she tried to explain how she was feeling, and I got defense and refused to hear what she had to say instead I tried to defend my side and made the situation worse. I should have listened I should have been supportive.  

I need to work on this I have to put others before myself and not just turtle up when issues come up.  I can’t be a good partner and friend if all I do is failed to be there when I am needed.  It was hard feeling motivated today, and I am tried now.  I wish it all made sense I wish I was not such an emotional void.  When I am in therapy I keep thinking I will have a break through or find that key piece that will help me become a better person.  Instead, I talk and all I have learned is that I can’t be counted on, and I am stupid for thinking I made any real improvements.

On top of that I am not sure what I am going to do about getting to work if septa shut down our line.  Will I have to drive to a different station in PA will I have to pay to park in the city?  I just don’t know what's going to happen, and I am worried.  I am just barley making it now, and I don’t know if I can afford to pay to work in the city.  What if I lose the house what if I can’t support the people living there.  I am so afraid that I will become one more person crushed by the world.  

I don’t know who to be happy anymore.  I am no longer depressed but I am having a hard time finding joy in this life.  Furthermore, I wake up and just try to make it through the day now.  Furthermore, I don’t know if I will be happy and truth be told I don’t have time to care. Furthermore, I have so much on my plate each day, and I am barely holding on.

April 15, 2026
45th entry
Derek Thompson

It was a largely peaceful day.  I did notice that Babs has decided to take small jabs at me about the things that annoy her.  I am sure she is doing it in good fun, but they are starting to sting a little.  It's hard to put it into words.  I do get it she is trying to come at me less and humor is how she is trying to adjust, but the humor falls apart because I know she means it.  She wants to see me change, and she wants to see progress being made in the relationship, and she is showing me where I need to improve. I have started getting up and getting my day started without lazing about.  I am trying to change my habits and bad behaviors.  Furthermore, I want to show her that I can be a better person without need her to push me.  

I am looking for something that will inspire me again.  I don’t know what to do for fun anymore.  It was such a long rode to get to a good place that I am on edge all the time now.  Will my words start a fight will my lack of words start a fight.  Did I forget something?  Did I fail to do it right?  I don’t feel relax anymore, I don’t remember how to take it easy, because I know that I will have to be ready encase I mess up, or I disappoint her.  I know most of this is in my head and I have to work on it.  Furthermore, I can’t blame her for the thoughts in my mind.  Furthermore, I have to work on this in therapy and with myself.  

I miss the early days sometimes.  I wish I had not messed them up with lies and cheating.  Furthermore, I wish I was I could go back in time and fix what I did wrong and make it right, I was fool and I took advantage of our relationship.  Furthermore, I can’t do that anymore. 

April 16, 2026
46th entry
Derek Thompson
I was looking forward to this weekend, but sadly it looks like I all be rake over the coals again today.  I was hoping for a nice day when I got home, but I believe a list of my failings and what I need to improve upon will be ⁰pppólpwaiting for me when I get home.  I should have been ready for it, but I was hoping for a bit of happiness.  Furthermore, I wish these sit down were more of a growth and a learning, but each time I find that I am coming up short and failing to hit the mark.  

I wish I could fall into place I know that relationship are hard, and they require work, but I just wish I could stay consistent and hit the mark.  I am told each time what I need to work on, and I fail to do that.  Furthermore, I am told what I am missing up on and I continue the bad behavior.  How can I expect Babs to trust me and believe in me if I can’t even fix the issues that she brings up.

I need to breathe.  I need to find my footing and I need to show up.  

I was happy with the work I did today.  It felt good to be working on my code and making progress again.  It felt good to have the help I need and to be able to talk with people about what is wrong without feeling like I am a burden.  

April 19, 2026
47th entry
Derek Thompson
The fight on Wednesday was rough I was not surprised.  It was brought up again flaws that I know I have and I need to work on.  It was hearing how I hurt and continue to abuse Babs with my actions.  It was a painfully clear reminder that I have so much more to do before I am healed.  Babs has stayed by me, but she is being damaged emotionally every day by my actions.  

I have a plan now.  After our talk on Wednesday I realized that I don't have any true privacy and that is a good thing.  My life open and nothing I do will be private and will be used in Antares discussion.  There is no lying or side stepping only the truth.  I can't lie because my actions are front and center and failing to tell the truth will just be a willful action of me choosing to hurt Babs and those around me. 

I figured it out during our talk as I watched Babs go through my bank account.  Furthermore, I know she has access, but it clicked in my mind and everything feel into place on Wednesday.  Furthermore, I was amazed that I did see it before I was even frustrated that it took me this long to see.  Now I have an outline of plan in my head and I can work with it.  I can view each day like I view work or giving a report on a project.
Step one:
Explain what I plan to do for the day and what is the priority of task to get done.
Break down the work flow or my day and what issues I have to complete my days task.  Time box my day so I can complete my task effectively.
Step two:
You are on camera every minute of the day.  You don't have privacy or true personal time. Your location is monitored your life is up for review and your actions are being judged.  You must in all ways lead your life to the standards of the relationship you are in.  You will report in everyday on your actions.  Furthermore, you will explain your thoughts and fears.  Furthermore, you will express your emotions so that your partner understands them and does not feel Distrust
Or distressed.  You now have the task of repairing the damage that you have caused from your actions and lack of character.  Furthermore, you don't have the benefit of doubt. Furthermore, you are on watch and will be judged as such.  Failing to understand this will mean I be let go and with cause.
Step 3
You are not the victim you are the problem. You will not be giving support being the wounded.party. You are the aggressor and as such you are responsible for executing change. Furthermore, you will be proactive in finding way to fix your situation.  Furthermore, you will accept responsibility for your lies and deceit you will take ownership of every flaw you have and review them and fix each issue in a timely manner.  Furthermore, you are on your last strike. Furthermore, you are the weak link in this relationship and you no longer get a pass.  
Step 4
You must find positive outlets in your life.  You must find a project that you enjoy and work to improve your life.  You will stop all actions that have a negative impact on your life and that of your relationship.  Furthermore, you will find something that brings you personal joy.  
Step 5
You will take the next step in therapy. You will explain to your therapist that you hate yourself and you don't like your life.  You will follow all the advice given in a timely manner. Furthermore, you will ask questions on anything you don't understand.  Furthermore, you will do research on your own.  Furthermore, you will ask for help and be ready to receive help and not deflect or lie to avoid self-criticism, criticism the uncovering of truths and hard looks at your actions and how they hurt those around you.  Furthermore, you are an addict, and you must except that and heal accordingly.
Step 6
You will start to plan your day and week.  You will put on the calendar and the weekend log details about your life and activities. You will work to become an open book with your partner.  Furthermore, you are on the hook, and it's time for every part of your life to be shared.  If you can't open up to your partner then you are failing at building trust.  
Step 7
You will log your life each day.  You will keep a record of all actions so that you can review your day.  You will make sure that all actions are justifiable.  If you can not explain why you executed the action you will break down why. It is time to evaluate your process for decided actions.

The is a starting list, and it will be used to track my healing journey.  If this record will need to be true in all respect of my life.  I can no longer engage in half measures.  Furthermore, I can be a good person.  Furthermore, I can fix my life and become an ethical and good feminist. The journey must begin with fixing my life. I will need to work on this everyday for the rest of my life. I can no longer be evil. Furthermore, I can no longer be complacent. Furthermore, I can no longer hurt someone to make my life easier.  Furthermore, I am monster and cruel. 

What do I want from my relationship from Babs?  I want trust that I broke to come back.  I am scared to be real because I have failed my whole life.  Furthermore, I have never completed a project without help. Furthermore, I have never tried something without being pushed.  Furthermore, I have lived my life afraid of everything and everyone. Furthermore, I wake up and fear every part of the day.  Furthermore, I live in fear, and it's what drives me all day long.  Furthermore, I never have a moments' peace I never shut my mind off.  Furthermore, I am just afraid all the time.  Furthermore, I don't know how to stand up for myself.  Furthermore, I don't know how to get what I want from life.  Furthermore, I know how to be a tool and my whole life that is all i.have.ever been.  Furthermore, I am a loser who has failed to meet the expectations of everyone in my life.  Furthermore, I let them down because it's so much easier being a victim and a coward then trying to fix what is wrong with me.  Furthermore, I am one step away from imploding my life because I refuse to do the hard work and change.  Furthermore, I have one goal and its to get through the day without expanding any effort.  It's to pretend that I am a good person while hurt people from my lack of effort.  I can tell the damn truth I can live the life my partner needs, and I can't continue to hurt her.  I know what needs to be done. Furthermore, I need to kill all the parts of me that are flawed and weak.  Furthermore, I need to stop taking the easy road out and except everything that comes from being a decent human being who has lived with life as an abuser.  Furthermore, I need to except that people want to help and that sitting around and acting like a man child will get me nothing but heartache and pain.  You have a choice to make you can continue to hurt your partner you can continue to be the cause of her pain and struggles, or you can become the partner she needs.  You are personally destroying your relationship and if you don't change if you don't grow you will be the loser you think you are.

April 21, 2025
48th entry
Derek 

Over the weekend I was told the pain points in our relationship and how they have been the same for a while with no improvement.  I am a liar. I am a cheater. Furthermore, I don't try. Furthermore, I don't put effort into the relationship.  Each time I hear this I got mad but this last time it was finally time for me to shut up and listen.  I needed to wake up to the fact that I am the problem, and I am the one who is imploding my relationship. I can only put my head in the sand for so long before I can't lie to myself anymore.  Furthermore, I am not the victim and I need to stop behaving as if I am one.  Telling the truth is not. Hard you just do it.  Being faithful is not hard you just do it.  Showing up is not. Hard you just do it.  I woke up this morning and I realized that if I don't change I will lose something amazing because I want to hide behind lies.  I have been thinking about why I lie and It's because I want to be that person. Furthermore, I want to be the person who everyone looks up to.  Furthermore, I don't want to be me. Furthermore, I hate me because I don't see any value in me.  Furthermore, I lie because when I make up a story I feel real and alive.  When I lie I don't want to take accountability for my actions.  When I lie I want the problem to go away it has not worked and the only thing that has happened is I have hurt a lot of people.  I have betrayed a lot of people. I have abandoned a lot of people.  
So, what do I need to take a moment and realize that the truth is the only thing of value.  I need to except the outcome of my actions good or bad and realize that when I lie i.don't take control of my actions.  I don't get to.continue pretending I am. The victim.  
April 23, 2025
49th entry
Derek 
I will be shutting down my Plex server today.  I don’t have any control over using it and updating it and it getting in the way of my work and relationship.  I will be disconnecting all the hard drives and putting them away until I can get myself undercontrol and break this habit.  Furthermore, I lied again last night to Babs about using the server and connecting to the computer.  This can’t continue.  She told me that I didn’t take ownership of the lie, so I am going to fix change it.  There a number if things in my life that I will be cutting out so that I can Fucus on my relationship and my work.  I don’t have the luxury anymore to continue with bad behaviors.  It's time that I make real progress and growth and it doesn't happen sitting around pretending I am the victim.  

This one is going to hurt because I do love the Plex server it brought me a lot of joy working on it, and it was a great stress reliever.  However, I have to acknowledge that I was addicted to using it, and it has become a problem in my life.  

April 24, 2025
49th entry
Derek 
I lied by omission to Babs.  She was trying to help me and I should have given her all the information I had, and instead I continued hiding facts that she needed to know.  I need to take responsibility for that and know that I will be on my own now for solving my education issues.  I will not have her advice on studying or aid.  Furthermore, I have to expect that because of my actions again I have put her in hurt place.  Furthermore, I am the reason that we can’t make progress and I have to accept that, or I will never truly heal.  She has gone above and beyond trying to help me and I should be ashamed at the fact that I have yet to make it right.  I hope one day that she can forgive me for how much pain I have put her thought.  I don’t deserver to be forgiven.  

I need to work on my training mods.  I have to get back on track and put out work that is good and finished.  Furthermore, I don’t have the luxury anymore of not putting out good work.  Furthermore, I have to work to make it right and if I don’t, I will fail and be left behind. 

Furthermore, I made good progress at work today.  Furthermore, I was able to push up work today.  Furthermore, I stayed focused since the Plex server was down, and I had no reason to log into my computer.  Babs and Llewellyn want the Plex server back so I will have to put a lock back on the computer, so I don’t use it when I am not supposed to.  I will have to take accountability of this because I can’t use the service, but that does not mean that people who have been using it can’t continue.  

I will soon need to figure out how I am going to get to work and if I need a new job. I am not in place to get a new job because I don’t meet any of the criteria for being a software engineer worth hiring.  Furthermore, I will need to work on this.  Lucky before Babs decided that she would back off from helping me with education she did help me find resources that I need.  This will be an aid going forward.

I no longer have the luxury of slacking off.  I need to step up my game.
April 25, 2025
50th entry
Derek 

Plan to stop lying:
 when you are feeling flustered stop and get clarity.  Make sure you understand the question that is being asked.  If you don’t understand do not make anything up.  Repeat back what was asked of you and make sure the person and yourself understand the question being asked. 
You are not evil, but your actions are wrong.  You need to think about what the right course of actions are and process with that. If you are going to get in trouble for your actions it will be honest, and you will be able to defend that.  You are going to lie you will be in trouble.  Each lie is like beating Babs and every time you lie again you are saying what every abuser says.
Ask for help. If you are about to lie say you are having trouble speaking the true, and you need help.  You have a problem, and you need to speak up when you find yourself about to lie. 
Once the lie has been told go back and tell the truth. You will fail to tell the truth, but you can correct that by bring the truth after the fact. Do not let Babs continue to pick apart your lies when the truth will heal both of you.
Write it down.  You must keep track of every lie, and you must work to fix your issue.  You have a problem, but that is not a free pass to be an abuser.  Furthermore, you must work everyday on telling the truth and fixing it.
Continue an open dialog with your therapies.  You will need them in the future, and you don’t have the strength to go it alone.
Read up.  You are the not first person that had a problem with lying, and you will not be the last.  You need to spend time learning about why you lie and what trigger the response.  Furthermore, you need to start learning what is wrong with you so you stop hurting people
(Apologize) with action.  Once you have been asked you are already behind the eight-ball.  If the question has been asked Babs already noise and lying will compound the issue.  Tell the truth and take you punishment.  


 

April 28, 2025
51th entry
Derek 

This weekend was one more example of why I need to change.  I was cruel, and I didn’t hear how much Babs was suffering, and I just put my feelings first again. When Babs found out I was not making as much progress in my coding class she was hurt that I lied about it instead of just telling her where I was at.  She has been trying for a while not to find a way to communicate with me and not continue to be hurt by me.  She has been trying to get me to finally move passed the lying and I still am in the same spot I was in since the start of this relationship.  27 months have gone by, and I am still lying 27th months have gone by, and we are still not as close and secure as we need to be.  27 months have gone by, and I am still spending money that I don’t have.  I have not made progress instead I have refined how am. We have the same talk every week, and it doesn’t get better.  I watch as she pours her heart out to me and I fail to meet the simple desire that she needs.  I watch as each day she dies a little inside staying with me.  Furthermore, I have watch as she continues to make sacrifices for me and I watch as she gets hurt again and again by actions.  You would think after 27 months I would get it right from trail and error, but I still fail.
Babs made a point of explaining to me that maybe she is not enough that she is not who I need to heal, and I heard the pain in her voice as she said it.  I wish I had a better answer to her, I wish could explain what was broken in me and why I was this why, I wish I could change and the longer I wait, the more I break down our life.  She will leave me one day it's the only path that she can take that will truly bring her happiness.  I am not what she needs.  I am not the person that will bring her joy because I am broken, and she is cutting herself on my life.  Furthermore, I know that, and she does too it's only a matter of time before she puts it together and walks out of my life for good.
Furthermore, I don’t like me and I don’t like where I am in life.  Furthermore, I failed so much and I have hurt so many people.  Furthermore, I wish that it was different I wish that I could just fix my life.  It should not be this hard and I hate that I am tearing up peoples lives.  I don’t find joy in life anymore.  I wake up and just try to make it through the day.  Furthermore, I don’t even want to get up some days.  Furthermore, I smile and pretend, but I am dying on the inside by degrees and I don’t want this life.  

One day the world will finally let me rest. One day I will finally close my eyes and it will be over.  I get it now I fucked up my life and I will spend the rest of my life making it right.  Dear god how much pain have I caused the people around me.  How much hurt have I caused those who I called friends and lover.  I have to continue because I don’t deserve anything other life.  I don’t deserve anything because I have not done anything to fix my issues.

April 29, 2025
52th entry
Derek 
I went with my brother today to court. He was the victim of a hit-and-run and the person who bit him will be fighting the charges against him.  It was nice that Eric and I could handle something together and I felt closer to him.  We talked about the state of the world and our jobs.  I reminded Eric again that I am 50,000 in debt.  Which is not true since I am closer to 80,000 on debt.  It will be years till I pay everyone back.  
Today Babs asked me how I am coping with no longer being depressed and feeling all my emotions.  I told her how I felt after my meeting yesterday but I have noticed that I am more Intune and sometimes more on edge.  Ok that is not fair sometimes I am all over the place, and it drives me crazy. Lol, one day I will feel amazing and connected the next I feel lost and confused.  I have touched on this in therapy but I will need to work on this more.  I will keep an eye on it because I think if I am not careful I will fall into a downward spiral.

Let address lying again. It is still a problem and I have not made a lot of improvement in this.  I still lie at the drop of a hat and it is still a problem.  I am pushing my relationship to the breaking point.  Furthermore, I am taking for granted how kind and understanding Babs is and sooner or later I will push to far and Babs will break.  

April 30, 2025
53th entry
Derek 

 
I am feeling frustrated today.  I feel like each time I make some kind of improvement I am wrong, and I am back in the weeds.  Furthermore, I have been trying to change, but I can’t point to one thing about my life that I have changed or made better.  Furthermore, I wake up each day and I just want it to go differently than every other day and I feel like I am getting crushed. Next week I will go to therapy, and it will be the same thing over and over again. I will explain my issue and I will feel like I have made no progress. I will pay my money and I will make no progress because I am not doing the work.

May 1, 2025
54th entry
Derek 
New month and same problems and new problems.  I talked with my boss today about what is expected of me at work and what needs to happen.  I express my concerns about the fact that I was having to deal with two people who were giving me feed back, and they were not on the same page.  Furthermore, I also express a concern that I wanted to get a complete list of feed back from Lou to stop having to go back and forth with him repeatedly.  Furthermore, I am trying to make better improvements, but this is becoming an issue when I feel like I have two bosses that I am working with who don’t have the same vision for my work.  However, this looks like it won’t be a problem for much longer as Alex is leaving the company for a different job.  I am worried how this will affect the team and our work load.  He was working on a large project and the problem is the work will need to get done and the people on the team are either under qualified to do the work or not will in Ben case.  I hope this doesn’t bring more issue to the team and let's be honest me.  I had my quarterly check in, but I do have some issue with what happen.  It was supposed to be a self assignment, but later I found Lou using it to give me a quarterly review.  I all also have my 1 on 1 next month, so I will bring these to his attention.

I am going to lose this relationship and I don’t think I can save it.  We are not on the same page and it's my fault Babs has done everything possible to be a great partner, and I fail to meet that goal even a little bit.  I fail to commute I still lie, and I still make discussion as if I am single and not with someone.  I am trying I do work at making changes in my life, but I just can’t seem to get it together.  Furthermore, I am here trying, but each day I feel the weight of my issue crushing us.  Furthermore, I am hurting Babs every day, and she is wonderful, and she does not need someone at 45 who does not know how to be in a relationship who doesn’t open up who doesn’t meet her even half way.  Furthermore, I can’t get it together, and she suffers for it each day.  

I don’t know how people do this I don’t know how people just seem to click and flow together while at the same time it feels like I can’t take the first step.  She has repeatedly told me she doesn’t think she is my person because I am not fighting to change I am not fighting for us but it's not true.  In the end I am losing because I can’t bend and so when she finally does leave me for an anything less toxic it will be a blessing for her because she will no longer have to put up with me pathetic and weak self.  I can finally just become the sad loser that I was distant to be, and she can finally enter the life that she has work so hard for and caught to get.  
She was mad because I lied about being poly but in truth I would be so happy if she had a partner she could really lean on and trust.  She needs to be happy, and she needs someone who can meet her needs.  I am so broken right now, and I am failing.  I don’t want to see that half sad smile on her face. Furthermore, I don’t want to see her suffer because I can’t do the one thing she needs.

Furthermore, I don’t want to wake up tomorrow.  Life hurt so much right now.  I really do miss being depressed and empty.  I knew how to live in that I knew what life was, and I could make it thought.  Furthermore, I can’t do this.  The pain is too much every failure and disappointment is like a knife cutting me open.  I can’t breathe someday.  I just don’t want to wake up any more I just want it to be over.  Furthermore, I just want this version of me to end.  It doesn’t make anyone happy.  It doesn’t help anyone.  Furthermore, it doesn’t succeed at anything.
Furthermore, it won’t happen I am in a hell of my own making and I have to live through this because I am to week to get out.
May 3, 2025
55th entry
Derek 
A lot of things happens this weekend and It's not over yet.  I have been put on notice for my behavior in this relationship.  I thought about killing myself and I still think about it.  Furthermore, I told my therapist about it and Babs. It was rough.  

So what do I do about it.  We have a habit of lying and hiding from taking ownership of our life and letting others fix us. It's time that we take back control of our life.  Each day wake up and try not just get through the day but try to make it right.  Take ownership of your actions your words and deeds in all aspects of your life. You need to be open each day and talk about what is going on in your life.  You need to take each moment of your life and say I am trying my best.  When you make a mistake you need to take ownership of the mistake and work on fixing it.  You are not perfect that is ok, but you can’t keep treating this relationship like a forgone conclusion. You can’t just hurt people because you are hurting.  Furthermore, you can’t just focus on your life and your problems and refuse to hear Babs your family and when your find or reconnect your friends.  Furthermore, you have lived a life where you didn’t try, and you must make a difference every day at every moment.  Furthermore, you are worth fight for, and you need to see that.  Furthermore, you are not evil, but you need to put in the work. Furthermore, you need to try, and you need to be ready for all aspect of life because if you don’t, you will have to accept that you are the reason for you own place in life.  Furthermore, you need to be ready to grow even if you are alone.  Furthermore, you need to be ready to hurt and love and be happy with yourself.  

It's very easy to quit this all you have to do is not change. It's very easy to quit all you have to do is walk into the room and accept the pain of ending a relationship but don’t pretend that it failed because you are bad.  It failed because you didn’t try it failed because you are wrong and you choose to allow your partner to suffer your abuse and neglect.  You choose to take the easy way out and not heal because it was too hard for you to try.  You have to accept that not only will people bring joy into there lives but you choose not to be a part of it so you could be a pretend victim of fate.
All of this being said you need a plan you can’t just say you will do it you need to work every day with your therapist.  You need to treat Babs as an equal but someone you want in your life not just a shiny toy you want to play with and put in the closet until you want to play again.  Derek you are not a child or dumb you have pain and healing to do, but you are not incapable of changing.  You are not stuck in a holding pattern you are the hold pattern to make a move and stop being afraid of getting hurt.  Stop being afraid of making a mistake.  You are going to make mistake you are going to mess up, and you are going to fail.  You need to ask for help, but you need to learn from it, you need to heal, and you need to really become the person you said you would be.  Furthermore, you want to be a feminist then do it stand up and do and don’t say its hard or that you are not ready.  Furthermore, you say you want to be a good partner then do it.  Talk about your issue and your problems.  Talk about your success and your goals.  If you are worth fight for not to keep Babs not to impress people not for your job but for yourself.  You need to accept that you are work being here for and being seen.  Say the words everyday you are worth it are someone of value, and you should be counted.  It must start with yourself and not someone else.  You deserve to be love, but you don’t get to hurt people on your road to healing.  You don’t get to pretend to heal and then cry when it all falls apart.  Derek the world is not fair its hard but don’t be your own enemy and a fight that is already hard enough.  Do put up road block for no other reason then to say life is hard.  Heal grow change be better every day.  You can do this one day at a time. You can do this one second at a time. 

We saw Jamestown today it was the play I saw that started the cheating saga.  When I went I was just happy that someone asked me to go.  Today I saw the play, and I was bouncing in my seat and singing the songs but not I realize the story is my life.  I was a naive fool who only focused on my issue and my problems.  I watch as the person I said I loved suffered and only cared once they were gone.  Furthermore, I watch as the people who I thought were interesting were just the people in my life who abused, and I didn’t see the deeper meaning behind the story.  It was painful, but it was again a mirror on my life.  You can do this you can change.  I love you Derek because I am you.  We can stop hating ourselves it will happen one day at time.  You can do it.  I believe in you.

May 5, 2025
56th entry
Derek 
You are in for some hard days, and you need to be ready for them.  You need to open up and talk about who you are not just what you want.  You need to be ready to own who you are and the mistakes you have made but also the victories and success.  Furthermore, you tend to look down on yourself and instead of trying to fix them you just beat yourself up and don’t make any changes to your life.  On Wednesday you nearly lost yourself again, and you nearly fell down the same pattern of defeat.  I am proud that you decided that you would not do this and broke the cycle.  So what comes next well you need to spend time looking at your life and seeing where it's going.  You need to be ready to change but also accept that change as something good.  Why are you sad, why are you mad, why are you happy.  You need to be able to answer these question, and you need to be able to accept the answers.  Life is one sec at a time but more importantly it's a fight to life it's a fight to say I will be the person I want to be.  It’s a fight to stand tall, Each day you stand up you are beating the odds. Each moment you are strong is one more moment you can beat back the darkness.  

What does it mean to open up? It is giving answers to your partner and being truthful but not just truthful you need to be sincere and answer the spirit of the questions. You need to be working on yourself every day and putting your best effort in every day.  You can do this its is not easy, but you have made great progress already in you life, and you should not be afraid to stand tall.  Furthermore, you should be prepared to be alone you should be Harvard that you might have to continue the growth without help.  It will be hard, but you have the tools to heal you have the power to be everything you need to be.  You got this Derek and remember that in the end you are strong enough to take that step every day.

May 8, 2025
57th entry
Derek
You need to work on updating you lie log.  You have been going strong for the last few days, and you don’t want to lose your progress.  You need to make sure that you keep this drive.  The new lie log will break down each lie.  You have been going strong I am proud of you.  I know you hate telling the truth and I know that it’s hard for you to let people see you and experience you.  You are making great improvements in your life, and you have to keep working at it every day.  You are breaking free and becoming a new person and this is wonderful.  Furthermore, you are letting go of the pain and issues that held you back.  Furthermore, you are finally looking at the issue in your life that are a problem and working on them.  Furthermore, you have just begun and that is ok.  Furthermore, you must continue to work on it and break down walls and let those that love you in.  Furthermore, you have to be ready to love yourself and everything that goes with it.  The good the bad and everything in-between.  You are a masterpiece and that all there is to it.

You are going to spend time over the next few days working out a plan for what to do when you get home.  Furthermore, you have to start using your time wisely and not let it get away from you. Furthermore, you also need to work on hearing and respecting your partner.  Furthermore, you have begun the hard part stopping the destructive behavior now you need to fix the damage.  When your partner is speaking pay attention listen and be ready to absorb what they are saying. Ask questions and do research about what is going on in there world.  You need step up and show them that they matter and that they are special to you and not just a friend or someone you are using.  You need to work on passion and intimacy, and you need to be open to them finding love.  They are poly and this mean you need to open your heart to that fact.  You need to celebrate there loves and hurts.  You need to offer advice and be ready to hear them and express that joy.  Furthermore, you can do this because they are worth the effort, and they have too much love to give to try and change them.  Furthermore, you have too much respect for them to put them in a box.

What do you like to do?  You have not spent anytime figuring that out and it shows.  You do not have to have something right away, but you need to express yourself and branch out.  Furthermore, you need to find things that bring you joy and learn more about them.  Furthermore, you need to work on expanding yourself and not be afraid to try new things.  Furthermore, you have lock yourself away to long and it's time to open up again.  Furthermore, you can trust again, and you can find that passion again for life.  Depression and self destruction are a past, and you need to in brace the future.

When you feel out the paper work you need to be honest and true.  You have not told lies since Wed, but you need to be ready to open the box of your relationship and speak on it.  You need to be ready to speak the truth, and you can’t run from this.  Furthermore, you have to step up and take ownership of the pain. Furthermore, you have to take ownership of every lie, mis direction and withholding of information.  Furthermore, you have to stand up and be honest about each detail of your life.  Furthermore, you also have to be ready to say you don’t want to talk about it and that it's not something you want to share.  That is ok just don’t lie.

Have a good one Derek I love and respect you.  You are doing so much better and that is being proud of.

May 9, 2025
58th entry
Derek
Alright Derek you are heading into the weekend and this is hard for you because you tend to only think about yourself and you fail to take others into account.  You need to stop thinking about yourself and step outside yourself.  You have away taken the easy road because change is hard.  This is the next day in that struggle and each day will be a struggle.  You must open your mind to the idea that you are not alone.  You need to open you mind to the idea that you are with someone, and they want to be with you, but they can’t do that if you put up walls and close them out.  Ask questions and speak out if you are unsure.  You have to be ready to listen, and you have to be ready to change.  Your world is growing and that is wonderful.  You have expanded who you are and what you life is because you can’t stay in the same shell and expect the world to work with you.  You can’t keep taking from the world and not giving back.  Furthermore, you have a right to heal you have a right to change, but that comes with effort, and it comes with seeing people not as what they can do for you, but who they are and the person they are.  Furthermore, you need to look at them and see the person for all the good and bad they can do.

You life changed on Wed and you can’t go back to the person you were before.  Furthermore, you can’t pretend or lie the past away.  Furthermore, you must move forward with the scare in your life and the scares you have put on others.  Furthermore, you have to stand tall and say every day that you will not continue down that path and you will change.  It's will not be easy people will doubt you and you will doubt yourself.  You will have setbacks and you will have bad days.  This changes nothing you most move forward.  You are leaving behind your old self, and you are breaking free this is wonderful.  Do not crush people on your way to freedom.  Do not step over people who have aided your and supported you.  Do not get tied down because of the past, but don’t use it as a weapon either.  

You have been and are a racist.  You are because of your deeds and your actions.  Furthermore, you are sexist because of your deeds and your actions.  Furthermore, you are selfish because of your deeds and your actions.  If you want to stop you will need to not only stop the behavior you will need to examine it and learn from it.  You will need to stand up and say you are changing and then do it.  

I believe in you Derek and it's ok you are scared. You are not alone in this fight people want to help you, and they want to see the best for you.  You are making changes in your life and I believe in you.  Your loved ones believe in you.  Stand up straight and walk forward.

May 11, 2025
59th entry
Derek

Today has been a good day Derek. I am proud of you. You have listened and shown up today and that is something to be proud of. You have to continue doing the work you have to show up and not be afraid to be seen. Furthermore, you have to listen and set outside yourself. Furthermore, you don't want to be defensive you want to be receptive to what is being directed at you. The world is not going to continue to be on easy mode for you. You have to be ready for change.

Let's have a conversation about the fact that Babs is poly. What does that mean? She has love to give, and she wants to give that to those she loves and values.  You need to understand this you need to hear this.  You are in love with someone who is poly and that means being open to this. Furthermore, you have to understand that you are not just their partner but someone they want to trust.  Furthermore, you need to make sure that you do not lock them down.  Furthermore, you need to also not lock them from you. They can and will love more than one person and if you are demand they only server your needs you are clipping their wings.  You are dining who they are.  You can not do this. Furthermore, you can not be another in a long line of people who uses Babs and takes from her and doesn't give back.  

You will need to start doing research into being with someone who is poly.  You need to do the research into how this will make you feel and ways to deal with the toxic side of this.  Furthermore, you will need to be ready and must be honest. If you can't love someone that is poly do not tie them down. Don't run don't hide.  You can have feelings but remember you are a team and you willingly choose to walk this path.  You are doing better Derek and that is good, but you must almost maintain it.  Furthermore, you must continue to heal and do the work.

May 12, 2025
60th entry
Derek
This was a taught weekend, and you have to remember that you will be undertaking them often.  You handled yourself as well as can be expected.  Let's look back and see what we need to focus on.
Babs felt like we shut her out and that is a problem of bad communication on your part.  You didn’t explain that the evening wasn’t over.  You didn’t let her know that her presence was welcome.  Furthermore, you didn’t let her know the plan.
When Babs explained that she was uncomfortable and in pain you did not hear her.  You brushed it aside, and it was not until you show you the marks on her skin did you begin to listen.
You overslept, and you didn’t do any of the work to set an alarm and make sure you got up. Furthermore, you are an adult, and you need to handle your time better.  Furthermore, you just have to explain when something has change so she is up-to-date.
Furthermore, you then tried to make it up by rushing to find something to do instead of talking with Babs and main a new plan,

You did put in the work and listen and make changes after the fact.  Furthermore, you heard her pain and you finally started making changes.  Furthermore, you are doing much better. Furthermore, you didn’t lie to her this weekend and you didn’t side step.  Furthermore, you work on your communication.  Furthermore, you have to continue the work, but you are on a good path.

May 14, 2025
61th entry
Derek have you been feeling more connected to Babs that is good but remember that you have to understand that you have hurt her. You have been putting your needs before her and this means that you will need to move carefully. You will need to reconnect, but you will need to understand that she is reaching for love.  Furthermore, you need to be healed enough to understand that you will not be her only partner and this is ok.  
Furthermore, you are on your way to therapy he's fucking my friend. Furthermore, you are going to talk to a professional and if you lie you will never heal or worse heal badly.  Furthermore, you have been spending the last 2 weeks being a better partner. This is not something to be proud about. You are moving closer to the line of basic human decency. You do not get a reward for that, but this is not to say you should not be proud of yourself. Furthermore, you have been making changes and it's good.  I want you to remember that moving forward.  

Work has been going better. You are doing your job and that is good. You have step up and become a member of the team.  Furthermore, you have to keep working hard. Furthermore, you have to expand your skills and get experience. It's will be hard work, but I believe in you.

Why do you want to die? It's simple I can't remember the last time I was complete. It hurts so much.  I don't want to feel this anymore. I remember why I cut off my emotions it was the only thing I could do to keep moving.  Each day I felt I lost something more and I could not take it.  I spent years turning them off.  I believe it's time to turn them back on but the pain was so much to bare, and I am scared I can't do again. Worse if I can't turn them back off if they are too much I feel I will burn away.  I love Babs, but I am not right for her because she has put in so much work and I have only begun. I hope she finds someone who completes her. Furthermore, I want her to have all the love she can handle. Furthermore, I want her soul to be full and her life to be joyous.  Furthermore, I don't want to be a footnote on her life, but I refuse to be a villain in her life.  As long as she will have me I will work to be partner and lover. I will stand by her as long as she will have me. 

You have one true goal Derek you must heal. You must break the cycle not for anyone else but for yourself.  Furthermore, you need to love yourself and respect yourself. Furthermore, you will be alone again Derek and when that day comes you must continue to heal.  Furthermore, you must remember that your life will never be yours again. Furthermore, you owe a debt to all those you have hurt and that means you must rehabilitate your life from the ground up. Furthermore, you will live your life in repentance and never again hurt those around you. Furthermore, you will be the man you should have always been.

I am scared but I will step up. I'm hurting and it's ok. Furthermore, I am tired so I will rest. Furthermore, I am broken so I repair myself. Furthermore, I am an abuser, so I will take ownership and stop.  Furthermore, I am cheater, so I will become a feminist and stop seeing women as objects.  Furthermore, I will break free.

May 15, 2025
62th entry
Derek
I made love to Babs last night, and it was wonderful. I was shocked at the connection. I wanted to be with her body and soul, and it felt like I finally connected. Furthermore, I was scared and nervous, but I wanted to be with her. Furthermore, I can't express how felt, but my mind felt clear. We were not on drugs. We were not drunk and we were not mad. It was me moving with her. I hope I can keep this pace. I have worksheets to work on when we get home as well.

We had a disagreement yesterday and it bothers me. The first was part of the disagreement was the information I sent for my review and pay stubs was not enough. She thought I was trying to hide things from her again. I told her for a while she can always ask for proof of what I am saying. She has a right from all the lies I told and can rise to this and overcome.  The second was a throwaway comment where I said she likes to be in charge. I hurt her feelings because she thought I was calling her bossing. I will work on my words and communication. We sent time working on it and I think it's for the good.

May 17, 2025
63rd entry
Derek
Today has been going well. We are communicating better, and we have handle disagreements with level heads.  I was so proud of us.  We are doing better because I have shown up. I have finally step into the role as partner and stop getting in my way.  I know that it will be an ongoing issue. Furthermore, I will not slack off. Furthermore, I will make the changes in my life that I need too in order to be the man I want to be and the partner I can be proud of. 

Furthermore, I wanted to say good work Derek. When Babs proposed you heard her and you gave an honest answer.  You did not pretend that you didn't hear it. You stood up and answer heard.  I want you to understand that this is a massive commitment, and you will need to be ready. You will need to stand firm in the knowledge that you are not weak. You can change and you want to change. Furthermore, you have found a purpose and will. Furthermore, you have overcome so many challenges and this is just the beginning.  When you look back on this day you will need to remember that you are making good choices, and you are good people.

May 18, 2025
64th entry
Derek
Well, Derek you are doing more work. You need to continue working on your skills. You have been using the AI code generator and that is ok just remember that it can't replace you. Furthermore, you need to be ready to stand up and answer questions about your code. Furthermore, you can't let it become a crutch. Furthermore, you are doing well and that is something to be proud of.  Furthermore, you have made the correct changes in your life. Furthermore, you should be proud.

Each day will be a test of who you are. You have to be ready and willing to be hurt and loved. You need to be honest and give proper feedback.  When you are growing you are going to make mistakes.  You need to make corrections. You need to stand up and be heard.  Furthermore, you need to listen. Furthermore, you need to get answers.

May 20, 2025
65th entry
Derek

It was a good day. I was able to make a lot of progress on my 100 days and I work on making a webpage. I am impressed. It was basic but it worked. I deleted off my phone Minecraft and remote computer. This should keep focused at work. Remember it's very easy to get distracted and when that happens your work slips.  You need to remember that you are coming back from the edge and any slips could tip you over the edge. 

Derek you need to come up with a plan for all the tasked you need to get done. You have a lot of work around the house. You want to rebuild your relationship, and you want to say healthy. Furthermore, you have 3 hours in the day. Furthermore, you will need to work on all of this. Furthermore, you will need to put together a plan and make it happen.  Furthermore, you can not go back to bad habits.  Remember you are the only one that can make change happen.  You got this make sure you stay focused and on task. You should not be afraid to change. Furthermore, you should, I brace everything that in positive in your life.

Well Derek you need to do better. You have to get control of yourself, and you cannot just fuck around anymore.  You know that you are self sabotaging and that is not ok. Your partner is trying, and you are failing to hold up your end of the bargain. You are not a child anymore you must remember that. You are grown adult and this means taking control of your actions.  Furthermore, you are not weak so step up.  Furthermore, you don't get to pretend anymore.  Remember you are working for everyone in your life, and you must rise to this. 
No games at work.
No music at work
Not reading at work
Not zoning out at work
No losing focus at work

May 21, 2025
65th entry
Derek
It was going to happen. You slipped and hurt Babs again. You need to remember that you are on a path to healing, but every slip hurts someone. Furthermore, you are doing better, but you are still hurting people.  Furthermore, you have to stop being selfish and break out of this mold.  Furthermore, you will go home and feed the pets. Furthermore, you will work with Babs and listen to her concerns about your life together. Furthermore, you will put in the work to grow. Furthermore, you have worksheets, and you have a therapist, and you need to open up.  

You have 4 hours when you get home, and you are not using them effectively.  What this means is you need to streamline your life.  You cannot continue to self sabotage.  You already have enough against you don't add more to your plate.  Furthermore, you need to learn that you are not alone, but you can not have your hand held.

Furthermore, you do not get to have privacy or trust because you have not earned this. Furthermore, you are on notice remember that you are on fucking notice.  Furthermore, you want a good life you have to put in the damn effort.  Furthermore, you can do this and if you are not careful you will burn away all that is good in you life.

May 22, 2025
66th entry
Derek
I know it should not bother me but I feel a little lost today. I feel like I can't get my footing. I wish it was not so rough today. Furthermore, I am glad that Llewellyn is well. Furthermore, I am glad that Babs knows that I care. Furthermore, I just feel lost today.

May 24, 2025
66th entry
Derek

It has been a good day so far and yesterday was even better. Babs is taking max for a walk. Yesterday we did a lot of projects around the house. It was nice, and we didn’t lose our tempers or rage.  We talked and just had a pleasant evening together.  I asked Babs about sex the other day.  I felt seen and heard, and I wanted to connect with her.  We have been doing well. Even when we fight I feel like we are moving towards a resolution and not just tearing each other down.  I wanted to be with her because my mind body and soul felt in alignment again.  I also believe the medication I was on was killing my sex drive and I felt completely deregulated.  

This weekend I want to be better and more connected.  This weekend I want to be open and real. This weekend I want to hear and be heard.  I want to get it right and not just go along.  It's time that I open my mind and truly start purging out the bile that I have been building up over the years.  I don’t want to continue to hate who I am I want to love myself again.  I want to respect and value myself and I need to stop seeing myself as broken and unlovable.  When I was younger I missed out on a lot of connections because of racism and deep seeded misogyny.  I let my insecurities of the world get in the way of me forming true bonds.  I put up walls and make persona that people would like.  The problem was that when you started talking to me there was nothing there I was just a shell of a person and people could feel and see it.  I was never real and so no connection I made was real.  This left me alone and afraid, and eventually I became hateful and cruel.  I took that pain out on others and the world and me.  It became a negative spiral.  

All that being said I need to not just stop I need to have positive changes in my life that I can maintain.  I need to stop self sabotaging my life and instead work to become a more complex and aware person.  I don’t need to be afraid of opening up I need to trust in myself and what I see.  Furthermore, I need to have a higher expectation of myself and work to realize what I can be every day.  Furthermore, I can’t live for someone else I need to live for myself and expand that to respecting and seeing other people.

New goal.

Be honest: 
	It's not just telling the truth its also living that truth.  You need to walk up each day and try to be your true self. You need to enhance yourself with truth.

Be aware:
	You are not an island and that means you need to know what's going on around you each day.  You need to see the world and people and not just expect the world to bend for you.

Be kind:
	You need to be kind to yourself.  You are healing and that is fucking hard.  You also need to be kind to those around you as we are all going through it and a little compassion will go a long way.

Be real:
	Stop making up personas to meet people needs.  You are enough. You are worth it and people want to see and be with you not just the person you made just for them.

Grow up:
	You are not a child anymore but more importantly you need to stop being stale. 

May 26, 2025
66th entry
Derek
When I get home today bads wants to talk about our last two years of sexual history. I am ready I will tell the truth I will not falter. I am scared I will mess up I am nervous because I have hurt her for so long, and I am worried that I will again fall back on hard or old habits.  Furthermore, I will do my best I will stand firm on the conviction that if I don't tell the truth I will ruin everything. 

She deserves the truth Derek and failing to give it means you have learned nothing over these last months. You have put in the work you have started the hard road.  You now need to be the person you want to be. Furthermore, you will never go back to the person you were.  Furthermore, you will address all questions.  Good luck I believe in you and I hope you believe in yourself.

 Please to any power that is listening don't let me be weak. Don't let me fall back to the lier I was. Please give me the strength to stand firm in my convictions and be the person I can be.  Please.

May 28, 2025
67th entry
Derek

Today was great and smooth. I was on and focused at work and I didn't feel lost or confused.  I was able to speak up and ask questions and I didn't feel scared. My world view has been changing and I have been finally open to it. I wonder each day if I will be ready for what comes, and I am happy that I have been on point.  

My partner was surprised that I shared my journal with my therapist and to be honest so was I. However I need to make further progress and I think this will help. I find it's easier to put my thoughts down on paper or in this case typing. I can think clearer and open my mind more. Furthermore, I sometimes worry that I will slip up and return to my old self.  Furthermore, I will become the selfish person I have been for so long. Furthermore, I can't and won't go back to that person. 

Furthermore, I still need to find a hobby. Furthermore, I find that while I have been making progress on my life I have neglected to have real fun for myself.  Furthermore, I have been so focused on correcting the large flaws I have failed to just enjoy the real and new me.

May 29, 2025
67th entry
Derek
Well Derek you finally had the talk with Babs, and it was not nearly as bad or scary as you thought it would be.  You were present and open, and you answered the questions the best you could. You did not side step you did not lie and hear you are closer and real with her.  I am proud of you and the work you did.  You have taken a lot of hard steps but you life is changing and this is all for the good.  You need to continue on this track and work to be the man you want to be.

What comes next.  I think you need to work on your time management skills as they are starting to get in the way of you life.  You need to work on setting up schedules and keeping to them.  You need to work on breaking down you life not negatively but in a fashion that will aid you in staying on track.  Furthermore, you need to stay on top of you meds, and you need to be honest with all those around you.  This is so that when you do have a back slide they can be ready to step in with good advice and not guess at what you need.

This month lets break down what we need to do.
Step 1 Speak out on what you need
Step 2 Change is good but know who you are
Step 3 Do not Lie
Step 4 Be ready to step outside yourself
Step 5 Love yourself.

May 31, 2025
68th entry
Derek
I want you to take a breath Derek. Yesterday you fell back on bad patterns, and you need to remember that we are a team and there is no reason to go it alone.  You need to communicate and be open because if you continue down this path it will lead to you being alone.  We want more out of life than being alone.  We want more out of life than to just exist we want to connect, and we want to experience the world.  This means we need to step outside our world view and see people.  It's ok you made a mistake but learn from that mistake and take a moment to grow and change.  

Over the next week be ready to talk and be one with the person you love.  You are engaged and that is wonderful, but there is more to it than just putting on a ring and continuing.  We have been working on a lot and that is great, but now we need to step up our game. 
June 1, 2025
69th entry
Derek
I told my mom today I am getting married. I am over the moon with this.  It was a long road to get where we are going, and I love it. I feel alive but realistic. I know I have work to do I know that I can't just pretend everything is fixed.  Furthermore, I need to acknowledge that this a good thing, but we still have work to do.  Furthermore, I am celebrating that good moment and I know I will have to keep working on myself. Furthermore, I will need to continue being a better person for me so I can be a good person for my partner.

I'm going to need to do more research on how to be a good husband and partner. Furthermore, I want to be there, but I don't want to be one more person that fails to adapt to changing times. Furthermore, I have seen what happens when couple stop trying and I don't want that.

Furthermore, I do find it strange that I am not more nervous. This is the first time I am getting married, and I am calmer than I expected. I think it's because I am ready to be a husband and true partner and I don't feel rushed.  I don't feel like I am making mistakes or being pressured.



Furthermore, I did it again I didn’t mean to hurt Babs, but I did.  Furthermore, I am scared I can’t be a good partner.  Furthermore, I am learning to be better, but I am scared right now.  Furthermore, I am scared I will let her down.  Furthermore, I am scared that I won’t be right.  Furthermore, I am scared that I will be one more man that is just one more legacy of pain for her.  Furthermore, I want her to be happy.  Furthermore, I want her to see the joy in the world.  Furthermore, I am scared I can’t do that.  Furthermore, I am doing better, but I am scared I am not moving fast enough.  Furthermore, I have seen what happens when good people are crushed by weak people.  Furthermore, I have started seeing what happens when a good woman and weighed down by a weak man, and I am scared.

June 2, 2025
70th entry
Derek
I talked to Babs and I told her my fears about being a weak man.  She looked me in the eyes and told me the only person I need to be worried about is myself and her.  She told me that she believes in me and that we will work on us every day.  I will live up to those values.  I will be open and honest to the best of my abilities and I refuse to let myself crush me.

Ok yesterday I was freaking out about letting people know I was getting married and that was because I didn’t think people would think I was worth marring.  This changes today.  I am worth it am someone of value and I will speak to the world and let them know.

Hello, Aunt Tone I wanted to share some wonderful news with you and the family.  I am engaged to Babs, and we plan to get married in 2028.  I wanted to share this wonderful news with all the family, however when I got my new number I lost everyone contact information.  Can you spread the word, and can give my number to the family member who want it?  302-598-0093.  We don’t have a lot of details yet, but we will be reaching out to the family for ideas, and we hope to have your support in the years to come.


June 3, 2025
71st entry
Derek
Today was a good day.  I was able to get my code reviewed, and I am happy with the progress my coding has taken.  I understand more at work, and I am starting to step up and be more active with the team.  It's my hope that I can be more of an asset to the team and push myself to be better each day.  Tomorrow I have my 1 on 1, and I am looking forward to the feedback I have from Lou.  I am sure I have a lot of room to improve but I no longer feel like I have been slacking behind the team.  I have questions I want to ask, and I am excited to step up and be heard.  Furthermore, I am still the weak link on the team, but I am working hard to change that.  Furthermore, I want to break the habit of not trying and failing to give my all.  

I need to give more and be more open.  When I realized I wanted to change I was already in a hole of my own making, and it was hard to break out of it.  I kept thinking that if I just gave up I could either fall back into the pit of despair or if the dark thoughts won kill myself.  What the true problem was I let my life be dictated by others, and I was too cowardly to step up can really change.  I didn’t rock the boat, but I didn’t stand by my convictions when it matters.  I would roll over and follow someone else, and I regret some many missed opportunities that I didn’t take because I was scared or didn’t think I was worthy.  How many people have I hurt.  In high school I pushed boundaries and didn’t listen.  I hurt women and men alike with my words and deeds and I will have to live with that.  When I was in my 20s I was racist and cruel because I didn’t think the world could be better, and I thought my jaded outlook online was the perfect answer to everything.  I put everything and everyone into a box and I will have to live with that as well.  In my 30s I gave up and just let the world pass me by.  

I am in my 40s and halfway through I am making changes I don’t want to keep going through the same old cycle.  I want to heal and be present and real.  Furthermore, I want to open my eyes to the world and be here and alive and happy.  One day at a time It's what I told Babs but it's bigger than that.  One day at a time is how I fix my world and grow. Furthermore, one day at a time is how I want to live and be present.

June 5, 2025
72nd entry
Derek

I am on my way home, and I am filling up with joy.  I am happy and content.  It's been a long road to change, and I have only just begun. I am proud of the progress I have made, and I will continue to work on this until I die.  

June 7, 2025
73rd entry
Derek
It was a weird day this morning. I went for a run and had to push myself. I think running will always be hard for me, but it's just how it is. Furthermore, I don't like moving fast.  Furthermore, I don't like being short of breath.  However, I am seeing a difference in how my body moves and feels, and I can't complain about that.  I feel like I am becoming comfortable in my skin and it's amazing.

I need to open up more. Furthermore, I think I am used to being alone, but I am with someone who wants to share my life, and it's important that I share my life and feeling with them.  Furthermore, I don't want them to think they are not a part of my world.  Furthermore, I love them and I want them to be connected and understand all aspects of my life.

June 8, 2025
74th entry
Derek

This weekend was a learning experience for me.  I learned that I have been shutting myself inside a bubble again, and I need to remember I am not an island unto myself anymore.  I have support. Furthermore, I have people who want to learn and grow with me.  Furthermore, I do not have to work along or figure things out by myself.  The world has changed and this is great I just have to remember that if I don’t open up people can’t really help. 

When you are along long enough you forgot how to stretch out your hand and ask for aid you believe that you have to solve everything on your own and that you are a burden to those around you.  You believe that you are weak because you are asking for aid and that people don’t want to waste time on your problems.  This is not true people what to help, and I need to trust that I can take their help and not feel like I am using them.

I need to look at modules on self-esteem as well.  I think a problem I have is that I am not worth helping and this is not true.  Furthermore, I am a good person and I need to learn to love myself and to be ready to take that love in all aspects of my life.  The world is not trying to get me.  The world is the world and I need to learn how to move in it again. 

I should be getting help in how to love and respect myself.  I will work on those modules and learn that I am worth loving for me.